+++
title = "Kalijor"
+++

It is known that before the great war, the elves and dwarves lived in
peace and harmony with one another. Their two great people ruled the
land with grace, wisdom, and love for the land and all of its offerings.
Both races welcomed the younger races into their arms and began to teach
them the way of things, magic, art, culture, life. But as is so often
the case, nothing lasts forever.

As their powers grew so did their pride. And pride, as you know, is the
downfall of any great people. Their pride led to competition between
them as they each tried to prove their superiority to the rest of the
world. They each created grand armies, equipped with the best magical
weapons and armor that had ever been created. They used their power and
knowledge to infuse their weapons and armor with additional powers.

At long last their pride could be held in check no longer and what is
the purpose of an army, if not to wage war? So the dwarves and elves
went to war in the name of superiority. The war they waged is said to
have gone on for a century as they clashed again and again, changing the
face of Kalijor with their anger and might. They fought and they fought
until their people were nearly obliterated.

When at last they realized their folly, there were precious few of them
left in the world and both of their great empires lay in ruins, Kalijor
lay divided and they would never reclaim the glory of their golden age.
Instead they receded into the shadows of what forests remained, and what
mines could still be worked for metals. They moved off the stage and let
the younger races have their hand at the helm.

For millennia now they have remained in the background, their numbers
never really recovering from the tragedy that was of their own making.
The races of men, feline, reptile, taurian and others began building
their own empires on Kalijor and, with a subtle guiding hand from the
elves and dwarves, they have risen to power in the wake of the great
war.

Over time, as is the case with most great civilizations, the misdeeds of
the past were lost to memory and the younger races began to lose sight
of their unified purpose. Numerous nations formed and, as is the case
with people throughout history, waged wars against one another. Most of
the great craftsmen of ages-gone-by had been lost to the Great War
however, and those that survived from that time, as elves and dwarves
are extremely long-lived peoples, refused to ply their trades in the
name of warfare ever again, so the damage to the land was not as
complete as was the case in the past.

These wars went on for centuries before, at last, a unifying force rose
up, calling themselves simply 'The Guard' they recognized the need for
the races of Kalijor to get along and move together toward the future.
The Guard brought together the leaders of the greatest cities in Kalijor
and, over the course of years, negotiated a peace that has endured to
this day. Now, the Guard sits quietly in the background, watching the
people of Kalijor and sending out their emissaries whenever conflict
threatens to break out.

![Center](/images/Map_ipad.jpg "Center")
