+++
title = "Mary"
+++

In early 2250, [T.R.I.P.](../../corporations/t.r.i.p/) enganged in the very
first complete human DNA wash on a living, grown person. Before this
event, any complete alterations of an individual's DNA were made to
zygot before implantation in a parent/host for normal gestation, or to
be grown in an artificial womb. The only 'live' DNA alterations made
before this breakthrough expirament were extremeley minor and took
months, or years, to become outwardly visible. Things such as altering a
person's hair, or eye color, or skin pigmentation.

By contrast, 'Mary' represented an entirely new technique and technology
for genetic manipulation. For this test, a young transgendered male
named Robert had nearly every aspect of his biology altered by computer
controlled RNA retrovirus transmitters. The process involved a forced
'flushing' and 'transfusion' of the subject's cells in an aquious
solution designed to emulate the human womb during pregnancy. The
process essentially involved the liquification, transfusion, and
resolidification of the subject's entire body through careful computer
control and atomic manipulation.

The entire human race watched the televised event as Robert's body was
slowly digested, leaving not much more than his brain and spinal column
intact, and was then rebuilt cell by cell into Mary, a perfectly healthy
and biologically functional young woman. However it is important to note
that while only human DNA coding was used in Mary's reconstruction, it
was made abundantly clear that any genetic code could be seamlessly
intigrated into a person's makeup, with no possibility of rejection or
unforseen (biological) consequences.

This test case opened the doors for human customization on a massive
scale and catapaulted T.R.I.P. to the top of the Conglomerate's
membership. Additionally, the ensuing rush of individuals seeking
genetic reconstruction both ballooned T.R.I.P.'s net worth and began the
slow spiral of the human race toward the events that culminated in [The Purge](../the_purge).
