---
title: The Blitz
---

Early in the year 2800, a series of gang wars broke out in Neo-Tokyo shortly
after the Conglomerate withdrew from the city to consolidate power and provide
an environment in which they could encourage the growth of a healthy black
market. These rival gangs and factions all fought for control of the city and
its underworld community. They fought in the alleys and on teh rooftops until
their fighting spilled over onto the streets and required the Conglomerate to
step in.

Initial responses by Conglomerate forces were met with heavy resistence,
prompting a growing war of escallating responses. The more troops the
Conglomerate sent in, the more they polarized the various gangs and
organizations in the city, unifying them into one agressive group with one
powerful ally. While Conglomerate reporting made this activity out to be
deplorable and to be condemmed and put down, it was secretly what they had been
after all along. Because it was easier for them to police and control one
organization than it would be a hundred.

After months of open fighting and skirmishes in the streets, all time in which
teh Conglomerate was clandestinely coercing their opponents to come together,
they closed the trap by sending in a massive fighting force that rolled over
their enemies, laying waste to huge portions of the city and killing tens of
thousands of people, some enemies, some civilians. Of course, behind the scenes
this was a series of calculated acts designed to unite their opponents and
galvanize their citizens, creating a situation that was much more tennable in
the long term.

After the Blitz, the criminal elements in Neo-Tokyo regrew as a single,
loose-knit organization with several people that had been members of the former,
individual gangs and organizations coming together to run the new crime scene in
Neo-Tokyo as a sort of crime family. Since then, the COnglomerate has left a
much larger and better trained group of soldiers on duty in the city to keep
things civil, but they still turn a blind eye to much of the criminal activity
that occurs there in order to foster the network that allows trade goods to flow
in and out of the city, acting as a conduit between the Conglomerate, and the
Dissidents of the Dregs.
