---
title: The Astraeus Accord
---

# Technical Information

**Full Name:** The Astraeus Accord

**Aliases:** The Accord, The Pact, The Astraeus Act, and 'dammit, that.'

**Date Established:** December 21, 2721

**Affected Parties:** All Conglomerate Citizens, all citizens of 'the Dregs'

# General Description

The Astraeus Accord outlines the relationship between [The
Conglomerate](../../corporations/the_conglomerate) and the
[dregs](../../places-future/dregs). The accord details political roles and
responsabilities of both parties as well as social and economical concerns and
relationships.

Under the Astraeus Accord, it is unlawful for any member of either party to
engage in open fighting in any public location.
[Dissidents](../../people-future/dissidents) are afforded basic human rights by
the accord, meaning they cannot be simply disregarded by Conglomerate citizens.
This means that no dissident individual (Dissident being defined within the
accord as a non-citizen of the Conglomerate) can be denied assistance when truly
warranted, and cannot be openly harrassed, or their property taken or harmed
without due cause.

Additionally, They Astraeus Accord outlines trade agreements and provides the
ability for a limited number of dissidents to apply for and acquire Conglomerate
citizenship, although it does severely limit the social and political heights to
which these individuals can climb within the Conglomerate. This ability to
maintain dual citizenship creates a conduit through which trade can be
orchistrated to keep both parties supplied with any unique goods and/or
technologies that they cannot otherwise acquire, or are unwilling to produce on
their own.

# Caveats

First and foremost, the terms and conditions, indeed the very existance of teh
Astraeus Accord are kept secret from the general populace and citizens of the
Conglomerate. Almost all Dissidents know of the accord and what it does for
them, but the Conglomerate does not want its citizens knowing that they are
suffering the pressence of another political party in the Sol system.

The accord uses such loose terminology in some places, particularly in the rules
and guidelines concerning interaction between Conglomerate and dissident
peoples, that harrassment, theft, and general disreputable treatment of
dissident people is still easily overlooked. Conglomerate forces are given
tremendous leeway in how they interact with dissidents and all but the most
grevious offenses are quickly swept under the proverbial rug.

Dissident currency (citizens of the Dregs use semi-precious metals formed into
standard-sized ingots as hard currency) is not considered legal tender in any
Conglomerate facility.

Conglomerate currency (digital credits managed by a centralized computer banking
network and tied to citizen accounts by their biometric near field ID implant)
is not able to be used in dissident facilities as they are 'off the grid' by
design. Person-toperson transactions are still possible and will be updated as
soon as one of the involved parties reenters a Conglomerate facility or vessel.

In a strange peculiarity, due to the digital nature of the Conglomerate's
currency, the only place where a currency exchange can be effectively made, is
in a Conglomerate facility or registered vessel.  This is typically done via
black or grey market transactions or illegal currency brokers, who charge an
unreasonable percentage for their services.

Those who apply for and are granted dual citizenship, are never allowed to hold
jobs within Conglomerate facilities or vessels. These individuals are treated as
pariahs by official Conglomerate citizens who know or discover their identities
(with a few exceptions, of course).  Further, if these individuals make one
transgression, break one law, or even miss a payment on any goods, services, or
rented space, they can be severely fined at best, or have their Conglomerate
citizenship revoked and any assets confiscated at worst. They are not legally
allowed to be executed for such an offense, although the accord does allow for
dissidents to be legally harmed or killed during the commission of a crime, so
it is a fine line that is easy for Conglomerate personnel to cross and difficult
for those few brave dissident souls who try, to walk.

# History

In the wake of the Battle of Titan, tempers were hot and there was little desire
from either side to truly make ammends or work together.  It took more than six
months of bickering and fillabustering to arrive at a document that could get
anywhere close to being approved by both sides. The Conglomerate worked
diligently at keeping verbiage loose enough to give themselves enourmous leeway
and opportunity for interpruitation of the accord. Particularly in how dissident
people and their property were able to be dealt with.

In the end, it was threats of witholding new technologies and expensive
resources by the dissidents that finally brought the Conglomerate around on a
few key points. In particular the ability to trade with and maintain citizenship
in Conglomerate facilities.

Signed on December 21, 2721 after [The Battle of Titan](../the_battle_of_titan).

Signatories include all five CEOs of the Conglomerate at the time, and the heads
of the ten largest households of the Dregs at the time.

# Spoilers
