+++
title = "The Purge"
+++

As cybernetic and genetic technology advanced, the human race began a
slow but stead divergence into multiple 'post-human' groups. The pace of
the technology and alterations steadily increased over the years,
creating larger and larger numbers of psychics or Psi-Lines, genetically
altered or Gene-Lines, and technologically altered or Tech-Line
individuals. These changes, combined with a slow but general acceptance
of 'post-human' individuals continued widening the gulf between groups,
but never truly allowed them to diverge into separate species.

When [T.R.I.P.](T.R.I.P. "wikilink") televised the first total DNA
reconstruction of '[Mary](Mary "wikilink")' in 2250, it opened the
floodgates for all manner of changes to the status quo. For the first
time in history, people could biologically become whoever, or whatever,
they wanted to be. From that point forward, the pace of the species
divergence increased geometrically. Overnight there was an explosion of
psychics, elves, dwarves, satyrs, and every other imaginable creature.
For the most part, these changes were not detrimental to breeding but as
people continued to go to extremes, some incompatibility began to creep
into the genome, further copartmentalizing the sub-species of the human
race.

This rampant alteration of genetics and use of cybernetic technology had
another issue that, even more than diverging genetic pools, was causing
real trouble for [The Conglomerate](The_Conglomerate "wikilink"); the
loss or alteration of set identities. Using these technologies a person
could, quite quickly, disappear. The ability to completely alter, or
even discard, one's identity and genetic markers created an increasingly
anarchistic environment, making it difficult for law enforcement to do
its job and for The Conglomerate to keep track of its citizenry.

In late 2540 the Conglomerate struck its first major, tyrranical blow to
the people of the Sol System. In order to quash the continued disregard
for law and order (as they saw it), The Conglomerate ordered all
citizens to present themselves for DNA and Cybernetic evaluation and
cataloging. New identities were established and documented for everyone,
as well as the implantation of near field biometric microchips that
allowed for the easy establishement of a person's identity and
capabilities. Expecting instant compliance with its demands, The
Conglomerate used military force to enact the new requirements, pulling
citizens from their homes and places of business for cataloging and
leaving the window open for less than a month. Those who were not
identified, scanned, and tagged in that timeframe were then branded as
dissident traitors and treated as such, with all rights and privlidges
of citizenship completely revoked.

This event,called The Purge by nearly everyone, caused the expulsion of
millions of people from Conglomerate facilities. It took years for these
individuals to eventually coalesce into a more or less cohesive
population within the Asteroid Belt, eventually forming an actual
community that came to be known as the [Dregs](Dregs "wikilink").

Once The Purge was completed, the Conglomerate instituted a policy of
zero tolerance for citizens who fail to immidiately report any genetic
or cybernetic alterations, or the emergence of any form of undocumented
psionic abilities. Failure to report and update personal records results
in a minimum centence of permanent revocation of Conglomerate
citizenship, or a maximum snetence of execution, depending upon the
nature of the unreported alterations.
