---
title: The Battle of Titan
---

After [The Purge](../the_purge) it took years for those who lost their homes and
families to find a place to put down roots and start building new lives. It was
a long time in teh making, but eventually these people etablished a true
community based in the asteroid belt.

Being outcasts meant they could be harrassed without consequence or recourse by
Conglomerate troops and personnel, so these outcasts, known as
[dissidents](../../people-future/dissidents), did everythign they could to keep
themselves from being found. They built their homes in asteroids and carefully
timed their comings and goings so as to avoid detection by the military power of
[The Conglomerate](../../corporations/the_conglomerate).  Over the course of
scores of years, these people built new lives, new families, and discovered new
and inovative ways of doing things for themselves. They learned to live in
adversity and produce everything they needed inside their own community.

The innovations and independant spirit that this new life fostered was even
attractive to some, drawing more people out of the Conglomerate skyscrapers and
archologies to a life of potential hardship, all in the name of making something
of themselves. As is wont to happen within the human condition, innovations
compiled and new ideas took root. Before long, the dissidents had banded
together to form larger communities and, eventually, an entire new 'city' of
sorts took shape in teh form of several asteroids that had been tunneled
through, strapped together and turned into a clandestine mega-city of its own.

Still, it was only a matter of time before they were noticed. The dissidents'
need to fend for themselves caused them to develop many new technologies that
the Conglomerate had no need to create, but could find many uses for.
Additionally, the dissidents' manufacturing facilities and resource collection
methods allowed them efficiencies that the Conglomerate could not replicate even
with robotic labor forces and their best minds on teh problems. This created an
unsteady symbiotic relationship between the two parties where the Conglomerate
would allow a certain amount of goods to be smuggled out of their facilities in
exchange for deliveries of raw materials, new technologies, and sub-components
that they could produce themselves as efficiently as the dissidents did.

However, being a dissident meant a person had no rights, or standing.
Essentially they were non-entities and could be treated with compete disregard
by Conglomerate citizens. It was the military, in particular, that took special
advantage of this fact. Using it to harry dissident ships and facilities, steal
goods, hurt and take advantage of people, and generally do and take whatever
they wanted.

Over time, the dissidents began to fight back. It was mostly just a few
outspoken individuals who took matters into their own hands, turning to piracy
and preying upon Conglomerate ships, returning in kind the same treatments they
had been given. This caused immidiate excallation by Conglomerate forces and
before long, there were open skirmishes happening all over the Sol system. As
tensions mounted and hostilities showed no signs of lessening, dissident
guerrillas began organizing into true fighting forces, seeking out and attacking
Conglomerate military vessels, ambushing civilian transports and cargo vessels
and even, occasionally, turning their ire upon civilian population centers.

Eventually, the only possible outcome of all of these activities came to pass. A
Conglomerate military patrol came across a dissident gas mining operation on
Titan and set about harrassing and threatening them. The dissidents made a call
for help and one of the larger and more organized dissident fighting forces
happened to be in Saturn orbit to receive the panicked shout. Within an hour,
the dissidents were on top of the Conglomerate forces, who also called for help,
drawing in all nearby military forces. Less than a day later, a full scale war
had broken out, with forces pouring in from all over the system to bolster both
sides with regular reinforcements.

The Battle of Titan raged for several days before the fighting slowed to a
crawl, then petered out entirely. All told, more than 250,000 souls were
consumed in that blaze of hatred and it left both sides forever scarred, but
finally willing to come to more formal diplomatic relations with the
establishment of [The Astraeus Accord](../the_astraeus_accord).

Interestingly enough, whenever hostilities break our between Conglomerate and
Dissident forces, even to this day, both sides use the battle cry, "remember
Titan."