+++
title = "Avian"
+++

title:		Avian
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Avian
percent:	100
authors:	
## Vital Statistics

**Name:** Avian
**Other Names:**
**Location:**
**Permanent Population:**
**Transient Population:**
**Imports:**
**Exports:**

## Description

Avian is the home of the bird races of Kalijor. The city is nestled into
three tiers that are composed of the tightly intertwined branches of a
miles high petrified tree on the southern apex of the Uraval Mountains .
The tiers of the city each represent a class of people, with the lowest
tier being home to the lower class laborers, shops, artisans and so
forth. All food stuffs are grown/raised on the first tier as well, crops
consist of a light, airy grain that only grows in Avian and makes breads
and pastries of such fine, light flavor that they are exported to the
rest of Kalijor and place even the lowest class citizens of Avian in
extremely comfortable living standards. The second tier is home to all
of the aristocrats and government offices of the city and the third tier
is host to only the palace and royal family.

Avian can be reached by a few methods, the most daunting of which would
be to climb up the spiraling, petrified branches that wind their way up
the tree from ground level. Most dedicated travelers can make the ascent
in about three days if they are not in a tremendous rush. For a small
fee the citizens of Avian will ferry travelers and their things up to
the lower tier of the city on the backs of tamed griffons. This is much
faster than climbing but some people do not enjoy the experience of
being miles above the ground on the back of a griffon. The easiest way
by far to enter Avian is to simply take the portal from Rathalon, or use
a portal ring. This will put travelers in the portal chamber on the
bottom tier of the city and is usually the best means of arrival and
departure available.

## Features/Places of Note

Avian is built in three tiers that sit atop a mile-high, petrified tree
on the southern horn of the Uraval Mountains. The tiers of the city are
built on top of progressively higher layers of woven-together branches.
The lowest tier of Avian is where all of the crops are grown, the
livestock is kept, the merchants have their shops and the portal chamber
is located.

The second tier is where most of the aristocracy make their homes. There
is a large school located here that most of the wealthy families of
Kalijor send their children to for higher education.

The top tier of the city is the location of the royal palace and the
militia.

Notable locations in Avian are the university and the palace, as well as
the \\'fields\\' where they use a form of hydroponics to grow their
food, most of which is used to create light and airy foods that are much
coveted by the rest of Kalijor.

Government in Avian is a monarchy that changes regularly through
marriages and the mingling of bloodlines that is enforced by the
constitution of the city which requires the current ruler of the city to
take a life-mate from among the people rather than the aristocracy or
other royal bloodlines.

The Avian fighting forces are well equipped by the best craftsman in
Talanor and, although a small force, they are very much a force to be
reckoned with.

## Government

Government in Avian is a monarchy system where the king/queen presides
over a parliament and together they arrive at policy decisions and make
the city work, however it is a true monarchy in that if the king/queen
chooses to do so, they can overrule anything the parliament says and
simply decide on policy themselves, although this rarely, if ever
happens.

## History

## Spoilers

<spoiler text="Spoilers">Status: </spoiler>

[Category:Places_Kalijor](Category:Places_Kalijor "wikilink")---
title: Avian
permalink: /Avian/
---

