---
title: Pandoria
---

# Vital Statistics

**Name:** Pandoria

**Other Names:**

**Location:**

**Permanent Population:**

**Transient Population:**

**Imports:**

**Exports:**

# Description

Pandoria is a city that was created in a pocket dimension. The only way to get
to Pandoria is by one of the two portals that connect it to Kalijor. One is in
the great portal chamber in Rathalon and the other is a larger portal that is
deep within the forest of Brume . The city itself is grown into a forest of
massive hardwood trees that are magically grown and shaped by Druids to suit the
needs of the city and its inhabitants. All of the trees are living, breathing
trees that range in size from five-hundred to two-thousand feet in diameter and
miles high. The floor of the forest is covered in a soft, short bladed grass
that is cool and comfortable, and in the center of the tree city is a lake of
crystal clear, warm water. The boughs of the trees have been magically woven
into roads and ramps that lead up and down, and from tree to tree creating an
elaborate web of ramps and access ways that can be difficult to navigate for a
newcomer to the city. Pandoria is a monarchy; the ruling family is a line of
elves that can trace their lineage back to the creation of Kalijor, millennia
ago. Their family name is Reyals and they have always been kind, benevolent
rulers, well liked by the people of the city.

Pandoria is something of an enigma in the world of Kalijor. Largely because it
is not actually ~in~ the world of kalijor. Pandoria is the last remaining
organized elven city and it has been created inside a small pocket dimension
that exists outside of Kalijor. There is a large permanent portal in the Forest
of Brume that allows two-way travel to and from Pandoria.

# Features/Places of Note

The city of Pandoria is grown into and on a forest of immense trees.  Trees that
are so large that it could take the better part of a day to walk around the base
of one. The ground around the trees is carpeted with soft, well-manicured, lush,
green grass and in the center of the city is a large lake with crystal clear
water where the children of the city play daily.

The temperature is always comfortable and the light during the day is bright,
but filtered through the leaves of the great trees, far overhead. The weather is
always mild with occasional soft, warm rain showers.

The city itself is grown into and onto the surface of the trees through the use
of druidic magic. This is done without harming the trees and the people of the
city live in harmony with their environment. The branches of the trees have been
grown and woven together to form walkways and roads between the trees. There are
merchant 'tents' grown into the bark of the trees and along the
branches/roadways and gentle slopes leading up and down to the various levels of
the city, and eventually down to ground level.

On one side of the lake in the center of the city is a large tree stump, some
one hundred feet high and still growing new branches and leaves.  Inside this
stump is the temple of Druids where druidic magic has been taught for centuries
to those that are in tune enough with nature to learn it.

The Pandoria portal chamber is a large room, high up in one of the largest
trees. It is a huge room, nearly the size of the Rathalon portal chamber. It is
supported by several thick, wooden pillars that support the higher portions of
the tree, and the floor of the chamber is worn smooth over centuries of foot
traffic.

The portal chamber, portal to the Forest of Brume and other key locations around
Pandoria are all guarded by a small, well trained fighting force that is
comprised largely of druids.

# Government

The government in Pandoria is a monarchy where the ruling family, the Reyals
family, has been in power since Pandoria was created after the great war. The
Reyals family is well liked by the residents of Pandoria and it looks as though
they will be in power there for many centuries to come.

# History

# Spoilers

Status:
