---
title: April
---

# Vital Statistics

**Full Name:** APRIL (Actualized Personal Relativistic Intelligence Link)

**Aliases:**

**Avatar/Player:**

**Occupation:** Pincher, personal support for [Daray Bowen](../daray_dare_bowen)

**Date of Birth:** January 1, 3047

**Height:** NA (About 6 feet in cyberspace)

**Weight:** NA (Looks to weigh about 120 pounds in cyberspace)

**Hair Color:** NA (Glowing yellow in cyberspace)

**Eye Color:** NA (Glowing green in cyberspace)

**Physical Description:** While cyberjacking APRIL appears as a six foot tall,
athleticly built, glowing female with flowing, gravity-defying hair down to her
waist and glowing green eyes. She glows brightly enough that no real features
can be discerned, aside from her shape and her eyes.

# General Description

APRIL is an expiramental Artificial Intelligence that hs been specifically
designed to operate on organic hardware, that is, a human nervous system. She is
extremely logical, and only beginning to understand the barest of human
emotions. She is dedicated 100% to the health and wellfare of Daray, but has
also been 'boobytrapped' with hidden bits of code in her base program that are
triggered by certain, unknown to her, events. These 'boobytraps' are designed to
keep Daray under the control of Solidarity Online and APRIL spends a
considerable amount of her free time trying to root them out and eliminate them,
but without a copy of her source code, she is having dificulty doing so.

# Skills of Note

# Equipment of Note

# History

APRIL is, for all intents and purposes, a living super computer. She has full
access to the entirety of human knowledge through a sub-space link to the
internet. She thinks and processes information thousands of times faster than
any human mind is capable of, and moves in and out of protected networks like a
normal person walks through a park. She is incredibly insightful, but is quickly
learning that all of the accumulated written works concerning the human
condition and psychology will not help her understand, or predict human behavior
with any degree of accuracy.

APRIL and Daray cyberjack together periodically when they are on missions, or
APRIL is simply trying to teach Daray more about how the internet and networks
in general operate. Although, more often than not, it is APRIL who handles most
cyberspace operations, while Daray handles the physical stuff.

The pair, while they had an extremely rocky, and even resentful start, have
grown extremely close, and are now the best of friends, almost siblings in their
interactions. APRIL would do, or sacrifice, anything to help Daray, and not just
because it is hard coded into her program, but because she truly loves Daray as
a friend.

# Spoilers

Status: Living
