---
title: Emil Frederick, Phd
---

# Vital Statistics

**Full Name:** Emil Frederick, PHD

**Aliases:**

**Avatar/Player:**

**Occupation:** Bio-Engineer/Doctor of Genetic Sciences

**Date of Birth:** November 3, 2993

**Height:** 6 feet, 1 inch

**Weight:** 190 pounds

**Hair Color:** Dark brown, peppered with grey

**Eye Color:** Bright hazel-green

**Physical Description:** Doctor Emil Frederick is medium height and slightly
overweight build, but not unhealthily so. He has bright, intelligent eyes, and a
calm, caring demeanor. He dresses comfortably and ususally covers his attire
with a long white lab coat.

# General Description

# Skills of Note

# Equipment of Note

# History

Emil Frederick is one of the foremost authorities on the human genome and its
manipulation. He became widely known for creating entirely custom genes from
scratch, at the young age of eighteen. From that point on, his destiny was
sealed. His family all live and work within the structure of T.R.I.P., and their
loyalty is without peer. So when Emil told them that he would not develop
combat-oriented genes to create super soldiers for them, his life became a
constant storm of pressure from all sides.

He designed custom genes for people to pay the bills for his private lab, and
even designed [Daray's](../daray_dare_bowen) body for Solidarity Online, and
remained on site to supervise her reconstruction. Much later in his life, he
fell in love with a working girl, and agreed to pay her as a constant, personal
companion in order to keep their love from the prying eyes of his family. The
confluence of two separate events resulted in Emil's need to escape T.R.I.P. and
his family.

First, his tireless efforts in the lab succeeded in creating a gene that allowed
an organism to temporarially absorb genetic characteristics of others, by touch.
He hid this success by incorporating it in a recessive nook in the DNA of his
lover, under the pretense of changing her hair color and giving her a vulpine
tail and ears. The trait would not effect her, but had the potential to effect
her offspring.

Second, after her reconstruction, she became pregnant with Emil's child.  A
child which could easily bear the genes that he was trying so hard to keep from
his family. So to prevent the possability of them getting the gene, not to
mention his lover and his child, she arranged for him give her a regular
steipend, and then disappeared. She changed her name and took up residence
somewhere new, but for fear of their child's safety, she could never contact him
again.

Since then, Emil has cloistered himself away on Titan, working in his lab on
personal projects and ignoring any and all communication from his family.

# Spoilers

Status: Living
