+++
title = "Gene Line"
+++

title:		Gene Line
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Gene-Line
percent:	100
authors:	
Gene-line Humans are individuals who have either undergone extensive
genetic alteration, or are the offspring of extensively altered
individuals. The extent of genetic engineering is almost unlimited and
nearly anything is possible, from simply altering the color of a
person’s eyes or hair, all the way to rebuilding their body from the
ground up to be anything that is desired, from an elf to a minotaur,
‘aliens’ and more.

Gene-line humans are by far the most serious threat to anyone trying to
establish an understanding of the people they are dealing with. Since
genetic alteration allows a person to look like a normal, Base-Line
Human and yet, have several times the strength and endurance of a normal
human being. The key is that not all genetic alteration is visible on
the outside of an individual and because of this, anyone who ever
receives any form of genetic alteration is required by law to carry
documentation (in digital form on their personal ID chip) describing in
detail, not only the alterations, but the name of the registered doctor
that performed the alterations.

In addition to carrying documentation detailing their modifications,
individuals are also required to obtain certification from the
government that gives them permission to undergo the procedures in the
first place. This applies to anything beyond simple cosmetic
alterations, which the government does not care about as long as records
are kept up to date concerning the individual’s appearance and DNA
information.

[category:People_Future](category:People_Future "wikilink")---
title: Gene-Line
permalink: /Gene-Line/
---

