---
title: Samantha Cobb
---

# Vital Statistics

**Full Name:** Samantha Georgia Cobb

**Aliases:**

**Avatar/Player:**

**Occupation:** Medical Doctor and Doctor of Cybernetics

**Date of Birth:** February 18, 3008

**Height:** 5'8"

**Weight:** 135lbs

**Hair Color:** Dark Aubern

**Eye Color:** Hazel Green

**Physical Description:** Sam is a woman of medium height and build with dark
hair and hazel eyes. She tends to dress simply but smartly and does her best not
to draw attention to the fact that she is considerably wealthy, both by
inheritance and from her practice.

# General Description

She is a caring individual who has been drawn into a pretty bad place in her
life by circumstances and a series of unfortunate 'wrong place, wrong time'
events. She does her best to persevere and help what people she can with her
skills, and her fortune, while she ponders ways to extricate herself from her
situation. Sam is kind, sensitive, quiet, and reserved, which are traits that
have likely served to keep her alive under the circumstances of her life thus
far.

# Skills of Note

# Equipment of Note

# History

Sam grew up priveledged, but never let it show. She worked diligently at her
studies and graduated top of her class in the medical fields of human biology
and cybernetic medicine. She had a burning deisre to help people who had been
hurt in accidents and needed reconstruction but were unable to afford
genetically created bio-systems. She pressed herself into service as a sort of
miracle worker, performing body reconstructin and rebuilding to the less
fortunate souls of Neo-Tokyo, where she quickly established a reputation as an
extremely competent doctor who never asked questions.

Unfortunately, this reputation saw a trickle of much less savory people coming
through her clinic doors. A trickle which quickly turned into a stream, then a
constant flow, and before she knew it, she had become the go-to doctor for the
criminal element of Earth Ring Station. This is a position that she neither
wants, nor intends to keep, but she can not find a way to get herself clear
without attaching a huge price to her head. As long as she stays where she is
and keeps quiet, she is able to live quite comfortable, and still help out the
occasional, innocent, underprivelledge person in need that comes through her
door. The mob might not be filled with the most savory characters, but they
certainly pay well. Money she can turn around and pour into her humanatarian
efforts.

She walks a difficult, extremely thin line, but she is learning to live with it
by the time [Alina](../alina_martin) falls into her life and sets things to
spinning in a very unfamiliar direction.

# Spoilers

Status: Living
