---
title: Tech Line
---

title:		Tech Line
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Tech-Line
percent:	100
authors:	
Tech-Line Humans are those who have undergone extensive bionic or
cybernetic augmentation, to the extent that some have less than 5% of
their original body mass still intact. Not all Tech-lines are completely
mechanical however, although the majority are over 50% artificial. Many
choose to use the more clandestine bio-system augmentations that keep
them looking mostly human except for the odd piece here and there, such
as a sensor antenna or mechanical eye. A great many flaunt their
mechanical augmentations like badges of honor though, choosing
augmentations that are obviously mechanical, and some of them overly
large compared to their normal body parts.

Tech-lines have a myriad of abilities, based entirely upon their own
idea of what they want to be. Some augment themselves for physical
strength and resilience while some chose to add systems that make them
much better hackers/ computer operators. Tech-lines cover these options
as well as the entire gamut in between.

The government monitors Tech-Line Humans extremely closely in order to
make sure an individualâ€™s capabilities are well known. Any time someone
wishes to undergo cybernetic augmentation they are required to not only
obtain permission from the government but also to carry digital
documentation concerning the nature and level of alterations. While
nearly all forms of augmentations and alterations are detectable by
scanners that are located in the entryways of all important structures
and airlocks, it is still held to be better informed before hand than
having to deal with issues as they are encountered.

[category:People_Future](category:People_Future "wikilink")---
title: Tech-Line
permalink: /Tech-Line/
---

