---
title: Kilishandra Thorindal
---

# Vital Statistics

**Full Name:** Kilishandra Thorindal

**Aliases:**

**Avatar/Player:**

**Occupation:**

**Date of Birth:** 291 years old

**Height:** 6'1"

**Weight:** 125lbs

**Hair Color:** Metallic Platinum until the curse turned it a deep red, almost
purple.

**Eye Color:** Violet

**Physical Description:** Kilishandra was tall for a common elf, she was
friendly and outgoing, confident, and intelligent. She had a somewhat cynical
sense of humor and was fiercely loyal to anyone she called friend.

# General Description

# Skills of Note

# Equipment of Note

# History

Kilishandra was the daughter of an evil elf that called himself
[Wyndel](../wyndel), and a kind hearted elf from Pandoria named
[Annwyn](../annwyn_thorindal). After she was conceived, Annwyn fled from Wyndel
and disappeared into the [Cohai
Observatory](../../places-kalijor/cohai_observatory) under the watchful
protection of [Master Gornin](../gornin).

After she was born, Kilishandra had a fairly normal childhood. She attended the
[Magic Academy](../../places-kalijor/magic_academy) to study the arts of magic,
and became a powerful mage in her own right; Unaware of the fact that her father
was watching her always, from the shadows.

After the academy, Kilishandra fell deeply in love with a homeless orphan
half-elf woman named [Rhaeton](../rhaeton). The two lived in an apartment in
[Pandoria](../../places-kalijor/pandoria) for a number of years before, through
the orchestrations of Wyndel, Rhaeton was killed while protecting Kilishandra
from the attack of a mage seeking stolen property that had somehow found its way
into Rhaeton’s things. Devastated by the loss, Kilishandra began wandering
[Kalijor](../../misc/kalijor) aimlessly, and tried to loose herself for a number
of decades, all the while growing in power as she practiced her craft.

Eventually she came into the company of a band of adventurers and they spent a
number of years traveling together. Over time Kilishandra developed feelings for
an elven ranger named [Ambrai](../ambrai_valkyrie), and after she finally built
up the courage to tell her of her feelings, she was crushed again as she burst
into Ambrai’s inn room in time to watch her profess her love for someone else.

Crushed again, Kilishandra took to wandering the world once more, but this time
she was joined by her close friend [Ezrina Reyals](../ezrina_reyals-thorindal),
and the two grew ever closer over the ensuing years. Kilishandra eventually
developed feelings for Ezrina but by then was so scared to admit her love to
another woman that she kept it bottled up inside her.

On one of their adventures Kilishandra was stabbed in the ribs by an
[Obscuri](../../creatures-kalijor/obscuri) who claimed to be the reincarnated
soul of Rhaeton, brought back to do the bidding of Wyndel. He went on to say
that the dagger was cursed and would impart a slow and extremely painful death
on any who’s blood it tasted as their minds were slowly filled with hate and
thoughts of destruction. True to his word, Kilishandra started going slowly mad,
and her friends were forced to keep her unconscious to prevent her from hurting
herself or others.

In an attempt to break the curse, Ezrina tried to destroy the knife, but only
succeeded in pricking her finger, thus condemning herself to the same fate as
Kilishandra. Finally a solution was devised, by which Kilishandra and Ezrina’s
minds could be merged with that of a third person’s and together they could
defeat the evil growing within them and destroy the curse. Ambrai quickly
volunteered to help and the ritual was performed immediately.

Kilishandra and Ezrina’s minds were restored and the two professed their love
for one another, spending a short few days with one another before Kilishandra
found out where Wyndel was hiding, and rushing out to confront him. In a titanic
battle, the two destroyed one another, Ezrina arriving just in time to hold
Kilishandra’s body as she died.

# Spoilers

Status: Deceased
