---
title: Rhaeton
---

# Vital Statistics

**Full Name:** Rhaeton

**Aliases:**

**Avatar/Player:**

**Occupation:** Thief/Rogue

**Date of Birth:** 35 years old

**Height:** 5'9"

**Weight:** 125lbs

**Hair Color:** Fiery Red

**Eye Color:** Cobalt

**Physical Description:** Rhaeton was of average height for a half-elf, with
dark blue eyes and flaming red hair.

# General Description

Rhaeton was abandoned by her parents in the city of
[Pandoria](../../places-kalijor/pandoria) at a young age, leaving her to fend
for herself. She was jaded at an an early age due to circumstances but still
tried to keep a sense of humor about her, even if it was a bit dry and had a
mean streak. Once she called someone friend she would throw herself in front of
any force to save them.

# Skills of Note

# Equipment of Note

# History

Rhaeton was a half-elf orphan living in
[Pandoria](../../places-kalijor/pandoria) when
[Kilishandra](../kilishandra_thorindal) was young, just out of the [Magic
Academy](../../places-kalijor/magic_academy). Kilishandra caught Rhaeton trying
to flee an angry cook after she had stolen a loaf of bread from his kitchen.
Rhaeton was amazed when Kilishandra paid for the bread and sent the cook on his
way, and then invited Rhaeton to stay with her until she could start earning
some money and get a place of her own.

Rhaeton did eventually start making some money, using her skills as a rogue to
help the defenders in [Pandoria](../../places-kalijor/pandoria) track down
criminals and running scouting missions for them, but the two never parted ways.
Rhaeton and Kilishandra had developed strong feelings for one another over the
years and eventually consummated their relationship and agreed to live together
forever.  But it was not meant to be.

One day the two were confronted by an enraged mage who had somehow found his
stolen spell book in Rhaeton’s belongings. During the confrontation that
followed Rhaeton ended up stepping in front of a fireball meant for Kilishandra,
who had entered the fray in defense of her lover, and died on the spot.

Decades later, she was reincarnated by a powerful mage named
[Wyndel](../wyndel), into a male [Obscuri](../../creatures-kalijor/obscuri)
body. Wyndel filled Rhaeton’s head with images of Kilishandra and
[Ezrina](../ezrina_reyals-thorindal) and told him/her that he/she could have
Kilishandra back if he/she was to kill her with a magical dagger, freeing her
spirit so that the two could mingle forever in the afterlife. Twisted by his/her
time in the spirit world, and the lies constantly spoken by Wyndel, Rhaeton took
up the dagger and tracked down his/her former lover.

After he/she stabbed Kilishandra with the dagger, Rhaeton surrendered
him/herself over to Kilishandra’s friends and told them the story of how he/she
came to be there, and of Wyndel and his plans. They kept him/her locked up until
Kilishandra and Wyndel destroyed one another, at which point Wyndel’s spell
ended and Rhaeton returned to oblivion, his/her new body crumbling to dust.

# Spoilers

Status: Deceased
