---
date: 2011-08-12T17:34:44-06:00
title: Epilogue
weight: 6
---

"So that’s pretty much it…” Vincent finished as he lay face down on his
king-sized bed, arms folded under his cheek.

“And did this person ever say why they were after me?” Riana asked curiously
from behind him as she worked her fingers across the muscles of his calves.

Vincent winced as her fingers ran across the darkly discolored contusions where
the stranger had gripped is leg so tightly while trying to prevent their flying
off into space. “Gah! No. They never did say anything beyond it was all your
fault.”

“And you think the nanites were changing them from male to female?” She did her
best to avoid the tender spot on his leg with her fingers. He groaned his
enjoyment of her ministrations as she manipulated the pressure points in his
lower legs.

“Mmmm. Pretty sure, yeah. Damn that’s nice Ree…”

“And her hair and eyes were blue but otherwise she looked like me?” She dug her
fingertips into the soles of his feet and twisted them around a couple of times,
causing several of the joints in his feet to pop loudly.

“Uhhhhhh… Yeah. I’ve no idea how that happened, or if it means anything at all
really. In any case, it isn’t as though we have to worry about it now. They were
pushed out into space without protection. I doubt even you could survive in hard
vacuum for long…”

“Yeah… Me too…” Riana looked at her left hand suspiciously as she continued to
work the kinks out of Vincent’s legs and feet. It had been more than a year ago
that it had happened… There were no scars or other visible signs that it had
ever even happened, but it had. She remembered it as if it were the day before,
the sickening feeling as the mercenary Gregory Shantal had twisted her left hand
right off of her body with a resounding snapping sound and a tearing of flesh.
The hand that he had kept after wrenching it forcibly from her arm. The hand
that was teeming with nanites. Nanites designed to rebuild her body out of any
available materials…
