---
date: 2012-02-27T18:45:04-07:00
title: Chapter 2
weight: 2
---

The Kestrel hurtled away from the small space station at maximum throttle. The
ion drives screamed in protest as Riana leaned on the throttle, trying to coax
more out of the straining engines than they seemed wiling to give.

“You’re going to break something, Ree,” Willhelmina commented as she stepped
into the cockpit from the staging area. She had dashed into the ship from the
wounded station and Riana had cycled the airlock closed and bolted away from the
facility as soon as she’d confirmed that Willhelmina was aboard.

Willhelmina had quickly pulled off her weapons and stowed them in the staging
area and was now sliding into her seat. Her long, raven hair was pulled into a
tight braid that hung to the middle of her back and her bright, green eyes
inspected Riana suspiciously.  Her athletic form fit the contours of the
acceleration seat

perfectly as she pulled the harness closed across her body.

“I want to put as much distance between us and them as I can.  There’s been
enough death and destruction for the day.” Riana replied with a sour look on her
face. Her own dark purple hair was pulled back into a ponytail that dangled down
to the small of her back and her normally bright, violet eyes were dark and
brooding.  Her long, tapered, elven ears were swept back from her head,
displaying a level of annoyance that seemed to be increasingly, and
disturbingly, normal these days.

Willhelmina continued to watch Riana for a moment, then sighed heavily as she
produced a small data crystal from one of her belt pouches. She looked at it for
a moment before slipping it into the protective metallic carrying case and
snapping the container shut, sealing the thing inside.

“What’s bugging you, Ree?” she asked as she smoothed some errant strands of her
long, raven hair out of her face and secured it to the mass behind her head.

“Nothing.” Riana lied, keeping her violet eyes focused on the control panel to
try and conceal the deception. But her long, tapered ears splayed out from her
head, revealing her distaste for the situation and foiling her attempt at
avoiding the conversation.

Willhelmina nodded at her friend. “Right. Nothing.” Her emerald eyes glared at
Riana knowingly. Even without her elven ears to betray her emotions, Willhelmina
had spent far too many years with her purple-haired friend to be fooled.

“I just keep wondering why we are doing this Kat. We aren’t couriers. We are
some kind of special operations death squad or something. Running around and
scooping up Xavier’s treasures and laying waste to anyone who gets in the way.”

Willhelmina sighed again as she poked idly at a few controls on the panel in
front of her. “Ree this disc contains all of the source code for Kalijor. If
anyone was to get hold of this they would be able to use it to figure out how
Kalijor works and exploit any weaknesses in the system.”

Riana backed off the throttle a touch and instantly the engines sounded less
like they were winding up to an explosion. Jabbing her index finger at the
autopilot button, she spun her chair around to face her sister. “I understand
that Kat, but it still doesn’t feel right. I mean how many people have to die?
Will he ever be satisfied?”

Willhelmina turned to face Riana, folding her arms under her breasts and
screwing up her face. “Ree, he may be cold, but he is not evil. He is trying to
protect Kalijor, which is something I would think you, of all people, could
appreciate.”

“I’m not sure of anything any more Kat. All I really know is that we are buzzing
around the solar system at Xavier’s whim, breaking into places we shouldn’t be,
to get things he says he has lost. I mean, he looses more stuff than anyone I
have ever met before in my life! And why is it that every time we find whatever
it is,

it is inevitably surrounded by legions of armed soldiers?”

“This is a cut-throat business Ree. And Solidarity has a corner on the market.
They have for over one-hundred years now, and the competition gets tired of
playing second fiddle.”

Riana raised an eyebrow at Willhelmina. “How can the Conglomerate allow this
sort of activity? Shouldn’t they be protecting Kalijor since it is used as the
medium for most electronic meetings and transfers? I would think it would be in
their best interests to keep it functioning properly.”

Willhelmina shook her head, relaxing her arms a bit. “No, they don’t care. Even
though Solidarity Online is ruling the field, there are others playing the game.
The Conglomerate can use any of them just as easily, so they don’t really care
who is running it.”

“So they are going to let us kill each other over it regardless,” Riana huffed,
folding her own arms across her chest and slumping down into the acceleration
seat a bit.

“They have a Darwinist philosophy about it, Ree. The system that is best fit to
fill the void will be the one to survive. While some of what we do may be
distasteful, it is necessary to keep Kalijor running, and we need to keep
Kalijor running in order to keep Ezrina alive and figure out what is going on in
there.”

Riana narrowed her eyes as she stared at some point on the wall over
Willhelmina’s right shoulder. Her ears drooped down low in disgust at the
situation. “Maybe. But I don’t have to like it,” she finally acquiesced as she
turned back toward the controls and sat up in her chair.

“Twenty hours to The Tyconderoga. You want to have a bite to eat?” She spun her
chair fully around and stood up as she spoke, moving into the staging area and
finally setting about stowing her own artillery in the various racks and bins.

“Sure,” Willhelmina said as she unbuckled herself from her seat and moved into
the area, squeezing between Riana and the bulkhead, on her way toward the tiny
galley. Pulling a compartment open, she peered inside at the rows of
foil-wrapped packages stacked up neatly in the various compartments, all labeled
nicely so that they were easily identifiable by contents. “So, what’ll it be?”

Riana leaned over, peering past Willhelmina’s shoulder at the myriad of packets
as she continued to unbuckle her combat webbing.  “Um… Banana and beef,” she
said as she straightened up again and stepped out of the combat webbing. She
then set about inspecting the various straps and buckles for signs of wear or
damage as Willhelmina stared at her incredulously. After a few silent seconds
she looked up into her friend’s disbelieving face. “What?”

“I didn’t think anyone actually ate that stuff,” Willhelmina finally said, still
staring at Riana oddly.

“I like it,” Riana said dismissively as she stowed her webbing on the hanger and
turned back toward the kitchenette in time to receive the small foil packet.
Tearing the top of the packet off with her teeth, Riana spit the waste into a
receptacle in the wall and squeezed the base of the packet. A candy-bar sized
chunk of dehydrated foodstuff slid up out of the packet and she bit off a chunk,
chewing it thoughtfully as she stared at the weapon rack.

“Something else on your mind?” Willhelmina asked as she opened her own packet.

“I was thinking about catching the next Resonance show. She’s supposed to be on
Earth Station next week,” Riana said around a mouth-full of banana-flavored
dehydrated beef.

“You think she’ll actually be there? Or will she be broadcasting there from
somewhere else?” Willhelmina eyed her food suspiciously before taking another
bite.

“She’ll be there,” Riana said definitively, nodding to her dinner as if to
reinforce her hope.

“And the visit wouldn’t have anything to do with a certain Captain would it?”
Willhelmina grinned knowingly at her sister.

“Maybe…” Riana cast her gaze on the floor, ears splaying out and flushing red.
“We haven’t had a chance to get together in a couple of months now. I miss him.”

“I bet you do!” Willhelmina grinned knowingly.

“It’s not like that Kat.” Riana looked at her sister out the tops of her eyes.

“Well if it isn’t, then it should be.” Willhelmina grinned even wider as she
returned to her meal.

[On to Chapter 3](../chapter-3)
