---
date: 2013-12-09 10:20:05 -0700
title: Kalijor RPG Core Book Errata
weight: 1
---

Changes, adjustments, and missed material from the Kalijor RPG Core Book.

----------

The base target number to resist anything is 12, unless otherwise stated. Many
poisons/toxins, abilities, spells, and other effects will have a different
target, but if they do, it will be specifically called out in their
descriptions. If they say 'standard' then the number to beat is 12.

Similarly, in Kalijor, all pure spell casters (Mage, Cleric, Druid, Shaman,
Geomancer) get a bonus of +1 to the target resist of their spells at levels 5,
10, 15, 20, and every three (3) levels thereafter. Hybrid classes (Templar,
Ranger, Spell-Sword) receive a bonus of +1 to the target resist of their spells
at levels 10, 20, and every five (5) levels thereafter.

In the future, all Psi-Line characters gain a bonus of +1 to the target resist
of their abilities at levels 5, 10, 15, 20, and every three (3) levels
thereafter.

This means that a 15th level Mage, or Psi-Line character can use the same
abilities as a 1st level character, but their abilities are honed to the point
that targets must roll a 15 or better to resist their effects, rather than the
standard 12.

In the racial descriptions for Kalijor, the human is described as having
1D6x10+60 attribute pool points, but it should be the same 2D6x10+60 as
Base-Line Humans in the future setting.

----------

In the consumer and military pressure suits and hard armors section (page 237 in
the retail version but may be a couple pages off from earlier versions due to
formatting changes), we missed a few of the Physical Health and soak values
during revisions. the finalized info is as follows:

**Class 1 consumer pressure suit**

This suit is a ‘soft’ suit that is designed for nothing more than protection
against the frigid vacuum of space. Built-in air supply is good for 8 hours.

**Physical Health**: 50

**Soak: **1

**Prowl Penalty**: None

**Armor Class:** Light Pressure Suit

**Cost:** 500 credits

**Class 2 consumer pressure suit**

This suit is designed for more industrial/work related activities. Intended for
those who work outside habitable areas on the surfaces of planets and
planetoids. Its surfaces are reinforced with some armored plates to protect
against minor damage and tumbles although it is still considered to be a ‘soft’
armor. Built-in air supply is good for 8 hours.

**Physical Health**: 75

**Soak: **3

**Prowl Penalty**: -5

**Armor Class:** Medium Pressure Suit

**Cost:** 850 credits

**Class 3 consumer pressure suit**

This suit is designed to be used while in open space for long periods of time.
It is reinforced for protection against collision of micro-meteors and other
space debris, which also affords it some minor protection against small arms
fire. This suit is considered to be ‘hard’ armor and its built-in air supply is
good for 10 hours. Additionally, this armor is equipped with as many as 25 tiny
maneuvering jets that allow the wearer to make getting around in the vacuum of
space much easier and more efficient. These jets are not designed for sustained
travel, but rather for turning, adjusting attitude and making short trips
between structures/ships (add +5 to the zero-g movement skill).

**Physical Health**: 100

**Soak: **5

**Prowl Penalty: **-10

**Armor Class:** Heavy Pressure Suit

**Cost:** 1,500 credits

**Class 1 military pressure suit**

This suit is not only designed for use in an airless environment, but it has
also been reinforced on all major surfaces with composite materials and plates
that protect against a moderate amount of weapons fire. The built-in air supply
is good for 10 hours.

**Physical Health**: 45

**Soak: **5

**Prowl Penalty:** -5

**Armor Class:** Medium Pressure Suit

**Cost:** 2,500 credits

**Class 2 military pressure suit**

More or less just a beefed up version of the class 1 military suit, this system
offers more protection against damage as well as an increase in air supply.
Built-in air supply is good for 12 hours. Additionally, this armor is equipped
with as many as 25 tiny maneuvering jets that allow the wearer to make getting
around in the vacuum of space much easier and more efficient. These jets are not
designed for sustained travel, but rather for turning, adjusting attitude and
making short trips between structures/ships (add +5 to the zero-g movement
skill).

**Physical Health**: 65

**Soak: **6

**Prowl Penalty:** -10

**Armor Class:** Heavy Pressure Suit

**Cost:** 4,500

**Class 3 military pressure suit**

This suit affords its wearer the maximum amount of protection without actually
getting them into a suit of powered or robot armor. Built-in air supply is good
for 18 hours. Additionally, this armor is equipped with as many as 25 tiny
maneuvering jets that allow the wearer to make getting around in the vacuum of
space much easier and more efficient. These jets are not designed for sustained
travel, but rather for turning, adjusting attitude and making short trips
between structures/ships (add +5 to the zero-g movement skill).

**Physical Health**: 85

**Soak: **7

**Prowl Penalty: **-15

**Armor Class:** Heavy Pressure Suit

**Cost:** 9,000 credits

**Class A consumer hard armor**

This armor is designed as an under-clothes body protection against minor small
arms fire. It is only good for absorbing a few rounds and normally must be
discarded after it takes fire, rather than being repaired. Because the armor
only covers a portion of the body it's ability to soak damage is reduced.

**Physical Health**: 40

**Soak: **2

**Prowl Penalty: **None

**Armor Class:** Light Armor

**Cost:** 400 credits

**Class B consumer hard armor**

Simply a beefed up version of the Class A armor, this piece will still fit under
normal clothing without looking terribly conspicuous.

**Physical Health**: 65

**Soak: **3

**Prowl Penalty:** -5

**Armor Class:** Medium Armor

**Cost:** 1,200 credits

**Class C consumer hard armor**

This armor is designed to protect the wearer from a much more significant amount
of weapons fire. It includes a helmet, shoulder, forearm, thigh, shin and groin
protection. It is impossible to conceal this armor beneath any normal clothing
although it could be mostly covered up by the use of a trench coat or cloak.

**Physical Health: **100

**Soak: **5

**Prowl Penalty:** -25

**Armor Class:** Heavy Armor

**Cost:** 5,000 credits

**Class A military hard armor**

This piece of armor is designed as a concealable vest for use in public,
under-cover operations. It provides a minimum level of protection for its wearer
but it is still better than the civilian version.

**Physical Health**: 50

**Soak: **3

**Prowl Penalty:** None

**Armor Class:** Light Armor

**Cost:** 5,500 credits

**Class B military hard armor**

This armor comes in the form of a chest piece with shoulder, thigh, shin,
forearm and groin protection and is designed for maximum flexibility and minimum
encumbrance.

**Physical Health**: 85

**Soak: **4

**Prowl Penalty:** None

**Armor Class:** Medium Armor

**Cost:** 7,500 credits

**Class C military hard armor**

This suit is a more robust, environmentally sealed suit that is good for use in
airless environments should the need arise. Built-in air supply is good for 6
hours.

**Physical Health**: 100

**Soak: **6

**Prowl Penalty:** -15

**Armor Class:** Medium Environmental Armor

**Cost:** 10,200 credits

**Class D military hard armor**

This is as tough as generic personal armor gets. This suit comes equipped with
heavy reinforcing at all of the major joints, is environmentally sealed with a
10 hour air supply and provides the wearer with minor motor-assistance in order
to compensate for the weight and bulk of the suit itself.

**Physical Health**: 200

**Soak: **8

**Prowl Penalty:** -50

**Armor Class:** Heavy Environmental Armor

**Cost:** 50,000 credits
