---
date: 2018-04-27T21:45:43-06:00
title: Quantum States - Chapter 3
weight: 3
---

“All I’m saying is that an ’in-flight meal’ is more than just a package of
peanuts and half a can of Coke,” Ocelot groused. The small but surprisingly
strong hand of the flight attendant tightened on her shoulder and a quick shove
moved the assassin faster down the boarding hallway from the plane toward the
terminal at Denver International Airport. “If you don’t want to get sued for
false advertising, you should change the brochure.”

“Thank you for the input, ma’am. I’ll pass it along to management.” The flight
attendant’s response slithered past her, dripping with the venom of someone who
has been dealing with too many people for far too long on entirely too little
sleep.

“Forgive her, please,” Bennu responded with a bored drawl, her words dripping
with sarcasm from farther back where even her longer legs were having trouble
keeping up with the hurried pace of the flight attendant and her charge. “She’s
so smart she thinks everyone should just listen to her and do what she says and
that would make the world a better place.”

“It totally would,” Ocelot announced. “And it’s so nice to finally keep the
company of someone who realizes that.”

“That was sarcasm, Ocelot,” Bennu groaned.

“Thank you for flying Terminus Airlines,” the irate flight attendant announced
as they crossed over the threshold of the boarding hallway into the terminal. As
she spoke, she released Ocelot’s shoulder, giving the scantily clad woman a
little extra push. The look on her face when Ocelot turned around to speak to
her again was one of exasperation. Or it might have been disappointment at the
fact that her extra push had not launched the annoying woman headlong across the
terminal and out one of the opposite windows to land face first on the tarmac
and be promptly run over by some piece of large equipment there.

“You know, as much as I appreciate you saying that, it doesn’t really sound
sincere to me,” the assassin began, raising a finger to point at the woman. “I’m
going to have to mention that in my online review of your performance.”

“Why you little—” The woman started to step forward, hands clenched into fists
of anger, when Bennu’s larger hand gently wrapped over her shoulder, stopping
her.

“Thank you again for your understanding and patience,” Bennu began, moving up
next to the woman and giving Ocelot a frustrated glance before composing her
face into a sweet smile and turning it on the irate attendant. “I’ll make sure
the review is appropriate, please don’t worry.”

“I think we’re past that,” the woman growled, intentionally narrowing her eyes
and ignoring Bennu’s look to stare past her at Ocelot.

“I’m very sorry,” Bennu continued to try and calm the attendant.

“Yeah,” Ocelot chimed in. “Sorry you don’t understand the concept of customer
service. Twelve dollars for some peanuts and half a Coke? I’m wealthy beyond the
dreams of Avarice and even I couldn’t afford those prices. I mean, if I charged
my customers on that scale I’d have to charge—” She stopped for a minute, her
eyes losing focus as she ran some numbers in her head, then looked back at the
other women and finished. “—six thousand two-hundred and eighty seven dollars
per bullet. Nobody would pay those rates. I’d be destitute in no time. I’d have
to find a normal-person job doing normal-person things.”

“Maybe it would teach you some normal-person people skills,” the attendant
growled. She tried to step toward Ocelot but Bennu’s hand on her shoulder grew
firmer and held her in place.

“Pu-lease,” Ocelot rolled her eyes. “I could do your job in a New York minute.”
By way of demonstration, she put on her best Barbie face and struck a pose,
thrusting her hips to one side at a jaunty angle and thrusting her breasts
forward. “Excuse me, sir. The Captain has turned on the fasten seat belts sign,
which means you need to turn off all your electronic devices, even though
there’s no legitimate evidence to indicate they can have any effect whatsoever
on flight operations or vehicle safety.”

“Why you!” The woman pushed harder on Bennu’s firming grip, to the point that
the mage had to lean forward a bit to keep the smaller woman in place. Not to be
deterred, however, the woman twisted around, breaking Bennu’s connection with
her shoulder and quickly ducking under her arm as the lack of resistance caused
the mage to stumble forward, trying to catch her balance. She took two steps
toward Ocelot, one hand outstretched toward the assassin’s throat and the other
cocked back in a fist, ready to strike.

The space went suddenly quiet as Bennu caught her balance and spun around, eyes
widening at what she saw. Ocelot stood there, calm as the eye of a hurricane,
one hand casually holding one hand around the flight attendant’s throat, gently
squeezing it from either side, the other on one of her holstered weapons. The
assassin’s face was somewhere between calm and elated, with the beginnings of a
maniacal grin twitching at the corners of her mouth and a twinkle in her golden
eyes. The flight attendant had frozen in place, arms held in mid air and her
breathing coming in slow, careful pulls, trying not to aggravate the situation.

“Yes,” Bennu groaned. “That’s exactly how to handle the situation. Ocelot, let
her go this instant.”

“No skin off *my* neck,” Ocelot breathed, the smile finally spreading across her
lips. As if nothing had happened, she took a step back from the frightened
woman. Her hands moved to her hips and she stood there grinning, arms akimbo and
tail twitching while the flight attendant deflated, retreating away from her.

“You’re friend’s a real psychopath, you know that?” the woman mustered the
courage to spit at her.

“Sociopath, actually!” Ocelot called back at her from farther down the
concourse.

“Sorry,” Bennu frowned, turning toward Ocelot and jogging to catch up.
“Seriously?” she grumbled, moving up alongside her companion and matching her
pace. “All of that, over a package of peanuts?”

“Peanuts aren’t a meal,” Ocelot shrugged.

“And how did you even get all of your weapons past security?”

“Most people can’t see them, remember?” she shrugged again.

“I’m thinking that airport security has the ability to see through enchantments.
Even good ones.”

“I have a permit?” Ocelot tried, raising an eye at her companion.

“Just as likely as the previous statement,” Bennu confirmed with a sigh. “So,
you aren’t going to tell me then.”

“Isn’t it nice to have a little mystery in your life?” Ocelot beamed.

“You know, when I decided to stay away from the conservancy and spend some more
time with you, I really didn’t think it would be like babysitting an ornery
preteen. Plus, I’m really not okay with just killing people.”

“You still haven’t killed anyone, unless you’ve been doing it while I’m asleep,”
Ocelot corrected.

“This isn’t going how I’d hoped at all. Suddenly, I’ve got a job, bills, a
disrespecting, angsty preteen of my own.” She motioned at Ocelot as she spoke.

“Oh, ha ha,” Ocelot snorted. “Anyway, welcome to the real world.” She shrugged,
stopping outside a lounge and fixing her eyes on a television where a newscaster
was talking about something to do with an escaped mage who had somehow broken
free of a Quanta facility and was last seen entering the city. They were too far
away to hear the audio, but the lounge staff had turned on the subtitles so they
could read what was being said from the concourse hallway.

“...still unsure as to the reasons for her flight to Denver, if she is indeed
here. This footage taken during her escape from custody shows the mage
supremacist’s utter disregard for human life.” The station rolled footage in a
picture window next to the announcer, showing the obsidian form of what could
only be described as a force of nature tossing people around without touching
them and snakelike black tendrils sucking the life out of people in seconds.
“Authorities warn the public not to approach or attempt to restrain her. If you
have any information on Sardonia’s whereabouts, contact Quanta at the email
address or phone number below.”

“Hey,” Ocelot called out to one of the lounge patrons. A few people looked their
direction and she pointed at one, asking, “When did that happen?”

“A few days ago,” he responded. “If you just arrived, you might want to get back
on your plane, ’cause it looks like the authorities are going to make this one
take a while.”

Grunting in his direction, Ocelot turned, nearly walked into Bennu, who was
standing nearby watching the newscast with wide eyes. Looking her companion up
and down, the assassin shook her head, stepping around her and marching off
again. Bennu took a moment to stare at a few scenes of damage caused by the
mage’s escape, cringing at images of the dark-skinned, rainbow-haired woman,
superimposed over scenes of damaged buildings, collapsed walls, and sinkholes in
roads, before turning and trotting after Ocelot.

“You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” Bennu said, drawing up next to the
assassin, who was uncharacteristically quiet as they walked. “What’s bugging
you?”

“Nothing,” Ocelot replied, not even trying to conceal the fact that she was
obviously bothered.

“Should we look into it somehow?”

“Not my circus, not my monkeys.”

“That’s not very compassionate.”

“Um, assassin, remember?” Ocelot pointed at herself with both of her thumbs,
stepping onto the underground train car that would take them back to the main
building of the airport.

“I can’t take this constant vigilance, Ocelot,” Bennu sighed. “It’s, like, being
on guard to stop a disaster every waking moment. I’m exhausted.”

“You should get some rest then. You haven’t been sleeping well.”

“I haven’t been sleeping well because I’m constantly watching you.”

“I can appreciate that,” Ocelot nodded. “I am a sexy beast.”

Bennu groaned, rolling her eyes and sagging into the wall of the train. She
pressed her fingers into the bridge of her nose and took a deep, calming breath
to steady her nerves. For a moment, the faint rumbling of what sounds like the
dragon language rolled from her barely-moving lips. At last, she let out a deep
breath and tried again, “I’m trying to tell you something, Ocelot.”

“So, stop trying and just tell me already,” Ocelot responded, turning toward the
door as it opened again. “Shouldn’t be so difficult.”

“And yet—” Bennu grumbled, launching herself off the wall and following her
companion out onto the platform.

“I think you’re making excuses,” Ocelot continued, walking up the escalator as
if it were a set of stairs. Halfway up, she ran into a couple who were standing
on the moving stairs, obviously in no rush, and cleared her throat loudly. When
they looked back at her, she motioned toward the top of the stairs expectantly,
then squeezed between them when they moved almost imperceptibly. She reached the
top of the escalator mere seconds before the couple, who were rightfully upset
and casting her disparaging looks as they stepped off and pointedly took the
long way around the landing to avoid further interactions.

“I’m so sorry,” Bennu called after the pair, moving up behind Ocelot and wincing
at the glowers they tossed back her way. “This is what I’m talking about,” she
said to the assassin.

“No, it isn’t,” Ocelot shook her head. “You’re talking about everything except
what you want to talk about. Because you’re afraid.” Her tone was serious, for
once, as they moved onto the next train platform, watching as the light rail
cars moved into view, slowing to a stop in front of them. “You’re afraid. Of me.
Of what I do. And of what being around me for too long will turn you into.”

Ocelot fixed her gold eyes on her companion’s storm-cloud grey eyes and kept
them there long enough for Bennu to see that she did, in fact, know what she was
talking about. That had been exactly what she’d been trying to say since they’d
landed in Indianapolis.

“Ocelot, I—” she started to say, but the assassin cut her off.

“It’s okay, Bennu. It’s for the best, really. I’m an assassin. I’m not going to
stop being who I am any more than you could. And I think it should be pretty
obvious by now that I’m no good with relationships of any kind. I’m better off
on my own, and you’re better off with people you can reason with. This—” She
gestured between the two of them with a wave of her hand. “This was never going
to work out.”

Shrugging, Ocelot took a backward step onto the light rail, waving as the door
closed in front of her, cutting the pair off and leaving Bennu on the platform
as the cars accelerated away.

She watched the platform, and her best friend in the entire world receded away
from her into the distance, wiping a single, solitary tear from her face as she
did so, then turned away from the scene, holding onto the rail near the door for
stability as the car accelerated coming out of a turn.

“Man, that was harsh,” a voice whispered in her direction. Her yellow eyes
snapped toward the sound, landing on the face of a cat-like person sitting on
one of the side benches. Big, feline eyes fixed on her standing by the door.

“Listening to that, were you?” Ocelot purred, raising an eyebrow.

“Kinda hard not to overhear,” the felinoid responded, whiskers twitching.

“Then I assume you also heard the part about me being an assassin?” Ocelot
asked, turning to face the cat. A slender knife appeared in her hand, held
behind her leg where nobody on the car could see it. She took a half step toward
the stranger, then stopped when her phone began to play the tune *People are
Strange by The Doors*. “Hold that thought.” She held up a finger at the cat
person, disappearing her knife once more and retrieving her phone from some
unknown location on her person. “Jeshi, what’s up?” she asked the device.

Jeshi was the owner of Lyrica Magica, an old church that had been converted into
a club that hosted people of every stripe. And, while anyone was welcome, the
club tended to be seen as more of a hangout for mages and anthropomorphs, people
who had used magic to change themselves into elves, ogres, trolls, or any number
of other beings, like the cat-person still looking at her from the other side of
the train. Jeshi was also an immortal, and a powerful seer, with the ability to
look into the future and see what it held. More often than not, he used his
power to help steer humanity away from disastrous potential futures, but the
cost of doing so often meant that much smaller disasters, both personal and
otherwise, befell himself and those around him. This was why he tended to keep
most people at arm’s length and not make too many personal connections.

“It’s time,” Jeshi said, his voice carrying an edge of uncertainty. Which, in
itself, was reason enough for Ocelot to be concerned.

Jeshi was a generally calm, intelligent, and introspective person whose
abilities didn’t reside merely in the metaphysical or financial areas of his
life. He was a man who commanded so much respect, on so many levels, and from so
many communities, that no sane person would ever dare start a fight in his club
for fear of incurring his wrath. And the one time she’d seen someone bring a
fight to his doorstep, Ocelot had watched him draw a sword from his cane and
wade into a tsunami of summoned, slavering, tooth-and-claw bearing naga as if it
were the most normal thing in the world. The man had stood in front of a flood
of supernatural monsters from another dimension and not once had he wavered.
Instead, he had forged ahead, fighting off one monster after another to ensure
his employees and his clients were all safe and accounted for.

And she owed him a favor.

“I’m calling in my marker,” he added.

For starting a fight in his club.

“I’m on my way,” she responded. The line went dead and she returned her phone to
whence it had come, before looking back at the feline form across from her.
“Looks like you get to keep however many lives you’ve still got on file.”
