---
date: 2017-04-20T21:39:44-06:00
title: Quantum Entanglement - Prelude
weight: 1
---

# -Prelude-

Ocelot skated through the encroaching darkness, a ghost in the failing light of
the evening.

The sounds of shouting and gunfire echoed around her like a symphony,
titillating her senses and bringing a smile to her lips. She streaked over
rooftops and bounded off of parked cars, turning flips in the air and always
hitting the ground running, leaving everyone else wanting for a target to train
their weapons upon. The long front tendrils of stark white hair at her temples,
a stark contrast to the short, wedge style of the back, flowed over her
shoulders, trailing behind her like the feeding tentacles of a giant squid on
the prowl. Her athletic body made easy work of the evening’s running, jumping,
and dancing.

And it was a dance; no question.

Vaulting off the edge of a garage roof, she twisted around in midair, angling
her feet toward the ground and landing between two spooked guards. Their
automatic weapons had just started to move as she descended, her arms opened
like wings, bearing the pair to the ground with her momentum and using their
bodies to break her fall. Pushing herself, and them, into a forward roll to
bleed off the rest of her momentum, she came up to a crouch, hands twined up in
her targets’ shirts, binding them to her. A few well-placed kicks and they were
unconscious, drooling on the ground.

“Sorry, boys, but you’re not on my list. Maybe we’ll get to play another day.
You’ll have to promise to be really wicked, though. That’s the only way to get
on the list.” Grinning, she patted them each on the shoulder, then tumbled
forward, coming up at a dead run with a trail of bullets following her as she
went.

“Did you see that?” One of the estate’s guards asked a companion. “She dropped
those two like a sack of hammers.”

“Yeah,” the other replied, narrowing suspicious eyes behind yellowed shooting
glasses, “but she didn’t kill them. I wonder why…”

“They aren’t on my naughty list,” Ocelot responded from her perch on the wall
behind them.

“What the hell?” The first guard shouted, the pair turning toward the sound.

“Luckily for you two, neither are you…” she added, detaching her tail and
shaking it loose to reveal it as a long, braided whip. “Unless you make me
pencil you in.”

The two began to raise their weapons toward her, but she slipped off the wall,
dropping like a shadow toward them. The tip of her whip slashed through the air
like a blade, wrapping itself around one of their necks and, as she approached
them, she planted her feet on the other guard’s shoulders and pushed off, while
pulling hard on the handle of her whip. The two guards crashed together and then
fell uncontrollably apart. Taking advantage of their stunned states, Ocelot
kicked one in the chin, yanking on her whip once more to draw his companion
closer, then drove her knee into his gut, taking only a second to uncoil her
whip from his neck before moving on, as they both slumped, unconscious.

“Man, this Adrian guy needs to hire some better thugs,” she mused to herself,
returning the re-coiled whip to its resting place at her tailbone, where it once
again resembled the tail of some great cat. Checking her watch, she frowned at
the countdown timer steadily creeping lower, then shook the screen back into
darkness and dashed off again, angling toward the central building of the
Malcone estate.

Adrian Malcone was a paranoid of extreme magnitude. Almost certainly not without
plenty of cause, but still. The man had built a fortress around himself and
populated it to overflowing with armed toughs, most of whom were obviously
overpaid for their services. Still, it was a lot to get through, between the
high, razor wire-topped walls, remote gun turrets, wandering guards, and tiered
internal wall defenses, he'd made it nearly impossible for anyone to get to him.
He'd even gone so far as to have mages enchant his grounds, walls, buildings,
and even vehicles, to prevent teleportation and most other transportation magic.
And, in the unlikely event that anyone made it through all of that, he had setup
a panic room in the main house. A panic room with a uniquely designed one-way
teleport that would allow him to escape to safety through his own wards without
being torn to pieces by the magic that prevented people from teleporting back
in.

He had spent a lot of money to make himself untouchable. Except that he was a
consummate gambler. He gambled with everything, from money, to cars, and even
houses and sexual partners. If he could bet on, with, for, or about it, he
would. Anything was fair game, except his own life and safety. In order to sate
his primal need, he had setup a long-standing poker game at which he could
satisfy his compulsion whilst keeping a relatively low profile. His paranoia,
however, meant that options for a venue were limited, at best. He refused to
play in anyone else's home or facilities, but also refused to have potentially
traitorous guests in his own home. The only compromise he'd been able to arrive
at was to host the game on his property, in a small out-building near one of the
inner walls, about five hundred yards from the main house.

It had cost Ocelot a lot of time and money merely to learn about the game, where
and when it was hosted, and the particulars of Adrian's defenses, but the
payment for filling his contract was going to be more than enough to make it all
worthwhile. Assuming, that is, that she beat him to the panic room.

She had quickly discovered that, while he had given in to his baser need to
gamble, he had done so in the safest way he could manage. His game room sat atop
a secret underground tunnel that led, via several secure, armored doors,
directly to the antechamber outside his panic room. If he got into that room
without her, then she would miss her mark, be shamed in her industry and, worst
of all, wouldn't get paid. She couldn't finish him in the game room because he
had fifteen armed guards in there with him, plus all his fellow players and
their people. The place was built like a bank vault, with no windows and only
one door at the end of a guarded hallway, and none of those totally fake
person-sized air vents that were always depicted in films for heroes to crawl
through and infiltrate the bad guy's lair.

No, she had to get him alone, and the only place he was ever truly alone was in
his panic room, since he would never allow anyone he didn't trust in there with
him. Which ruled out all other persons, both alive and dead.

Well, she mused, he probably went to the bathroom alone as well. But there was
no way she was going to kill someone while they were taking a dump. That was
just mean.

She knew it took him four minutes, thirty-one seconds to get from the game room
to the panic room, using the tunnel. He could do it in two, but his own paranoia
worked in her favor there. He'd had security panels installed at each reinforced
door in his escape tunnel and he’d have to stop and confirm his identify at
each, rather than just run by and close them behind him. Turns out, a person can
actually be way too paranoid.

Due to the added delay, she had just over four minutes to get into his panic
room before he did, and she'd started the clock just before she'd started her
ruckus and set the alarms off. Now she had just over two minutes to finish her
charge and collect her coin.

Adjusting her course, she darted toward the main house, where the only other
physical entrance to the panic room was located. Her path was winding, with
frequent adjustments to carry her around confrontations wherever possible, in
light of the time. Of course, even if she’d had more time, she preferred to
avoid fights wherever possible on general principle. Fights stole time and cost
energy, and she had neither to spare at the best of times. Not to mention the
cost in ammunition and supplies that cut into her bottom line.

She sprinted across the winding path to the main house, enjoying the chance to
open up a little. She spent a lot of time running and exercising when she wasn’t
working. Between that and her other extracurricular activities, she was more fit
than most professional athletes, which allowed her to eat up the distance in
mere moments. She caught a pair of armed goons just as they were pulling the
doors shut and waylaid them with relative ease. Surprised people were always
easier prey, and that made life so much better.

The interior layout of the house was exactly as her bribe-liberated information
indicated, allowing her to easily dart through rooms, around corners, and keep
from sight as much as possible. Wherever it was an option, she used staff
hallways and stairs, knowing they would be less likely to be used during an
emergency and that most of the thugs and important people would avoid them, if
they even knew they existed at all.

Down two floors, through the wine cellar with its hundreds of dusty bottles
lining either side of the long, cool corridor, and the door was in sight!

The huge metal vault-style door stood open, with two armed guards outside. The
pair stood, hands on weapons and radios, ready for trouble and able to call for
backup in an instant, should the need arise. Which meant that she needed to deal
with them both at the same time, and as quickly, and quietly, as possible.
Before they noticed her, she slipped into the shadows between two wine racks,
then slid behind them, pressing her back against the wall and side-stepping down
the row of racks as stealthily as she could. Her internal countdown continued,
as accurate as any watch she’d ever owned after of years of timing things in her
head, and she knew she had just moments to get through the door before Malcone
would arrive and seal himself inside. If he made it and she wasn’t already
through the door, then her chance would be lost, possibly forever, and worse,
she wouldn’t get paid for her work.

Drawing nearer to the pair, she heard them talking quietly to one another, their
words passing in careful whispers while they presumably darted their eyes around
for trouble.

“How many do you think there are?” One of them said.

“Doesn’t sound like anyone has a good count. Robins announced a minute ago that
he found a remote-operated turret with an AR15 on it.”

“Samuels said something similar as well just a moment ago. Probably a small
group then, if they’re using remotes to bolster their ranks.”

“The only actual sightings I’ve heard reported are of a girl in a cheerleader
outfit. You don’t think maybe…”

“No, I don’t think one little girl in a cheerleading outfit is in any way
capable of successfully breaching our defenses.”

“Boss is headed this way, though.”

“Yeah.”

“And Jurgen did say there was a cheerleader…”

“For the last time, we are not being assaulted by a cheerleader. The idea is
preposterous, at best.”

“Are you implying that a cheerleader is incapable of conducting an assault?”

“No, man. I’m just saying it isn’t likely that toppling empires at gunpoint is
going to be in a cheerleader’s skill set, you know?”

“I think that qualifies as profiling, man. That’s not right.”

“Hal, I’m not profiling just because I think it is unlikely that a cheerleader
is singlehandedly assaulting one of the most heavily defended compounds in the
state. I’m just saying that it is incredibly unlikely.”

“Unlikely because she’s a cheerleader? Are you saying cheerleaders can’t assault
citadels?”

“No, man. I’m just saying that… Ugh. You know what? I’m not having this
conversation with you. We just need to get the boss into the panic room, then we
can go find out if it’s a stupid cheerleader or not…”

“Right, that’s it!” Ocelot growled, leaping out of the shadows to stand in front
of the pair. Her short, pleated skirt swished around her hips as she moved and
her tail slashed at the air behind her. Fixing accusing eyes on the guards, she
bared her teeth and added, “I am not stupid!”

They both stood stunned for a heartbeat before one reached for his radio and the
other began to raise his compact sub-machine gun. With a nearly feline hiss,
Ocelot lashed out with one hand, punching the first of them in the throat hard
enough that he started to gasp and wheeze, hands going to his throat to clutch
it in shock. With her other hand, she grabbed the barrel of the rising weapon,
lifting it up further, and faster, than the man had intended, then smashed it
into his forehead several times in rapid succession.

“You really think I look like a cheerleader, though?” she asked, spinning around
to twirl the hem of her little skirt up and striking a heroic pose. “I always
admired them.”

The gun-wielder dropped to his knees, tumbling over backward, while Ocelot
turned her attention to the gasping guard. “Although, I never was a cheerleader,
so I guess I might have overreacted a bit. You really shouldn’t disparage people
just for their interests, though. I mean, do you have any idea how hard
cheerleaders work? Between all the physical stuff and the need to keep their
grades up? Most of them are fitter and smarter than a good portion of students.”

The gasping man gave her a puzzled look as his face turned blue. After a second,
his eyes rolled back into his head and he followed his comrade to the floor in a
heap.

“Not to say that football players are stupid or anything. I met a couple smart
ones,” she carried on as she bent down and hooked a hand in the combat webbing
each man was wearing, then dragged them through the open metal door of the panic
room. “It’s just a bit presumptuous to say they can’t do something, just because
they’re cheerleaders is all.”

Making sure the area in front of the door was cleared of any signs of the guards
and her own passing, she hid them under the bed in the panic room and settled
into a good spot to cover the door. As she reached zero in her mental countdown,
she heard the sounds of footsteps outside, followed by a terse remark from a man
who sounded like he was used to giving orders and having them followed.

“Where are the guards?”

“Probably outside, sir. It’s still pretty crazy out there. Radio chatter is
asking for assistance to shut down a half dozen more remote guns and they just
found two unconscious men out by the garage.”

“Fine,” the commanding voice responded. “As soon as the door’s closed, you go
help them sweep the property.”

“Yes, sir!” Two voices snapped back in unison.

Ocelot watched a man in his forties step through the door and press a button. It
began to close with uncanny speed, given its obvious bulk. He kept looking at it
until the panel next to the door announced that it had locked and sealed,
causing the lights in the room to come on, then he turned around to take in the
room, finally spotting her silhouette in the corner, gun raised in his
direction.

“Who the hell…”

“Mr. Malcone,” Ocelot nodded at him. “I’m not here to monologue about what a
douche you are, or how many lives you’ve ruined with your drugs and your gun
sales. I’ve been paid to kill you and that’s just what I’m going to do. But
first, I have one question.”

His eyes darted around the room, one hand twitching toward the holster under his
jacket, but a subtle shake of her head changed his mind and the hand froze. His
emergency teleport was across the room from him, a raised circular dais about
two feet from where she stood in the corner, leaning against the wall with
flippant casualness. Scanning the room in the bright overhead lights, his eyes
came to rest on the still hand of one of his men under the edge of the bed and
his breath caught in his throat. Looking back up at her he asked, “What?”

“Do I look like a cheerleader to you?” she asked, raising the barrel of her
pistol to his head.

[Interlude 1](../quantum-entanglement-interlude-1)
