+++
title = "Grenade"
+++

title:		Grenade
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Grenade
percent:	100
authors:	
Grenades come in a myriad of forms and functions, from simple explosives
to fragmentation grenades, to much more advanced concussion, soni,c and
even chemical grenades, if non-lethal options are preferred.

The basic technology is easy for even the untrained to operate, simply
pull the pin/press the button and throw the device toward the target.
Most operate on extremely reliable solid-state electronic timers and on
some of the higher end devices the timer can be adjusted to any length
of time required by the user, or even set to detonate on impact. The
amount of damage a grenade is capable of doing is dependant upon the
payload of the grenade and can range from severe property damage and
obliterated soft tissues to simple concussive waves that topple light
objects and people to the ground. Some chemical grenades are even
designed to release expanding/quick hardening foam to restrain people or
fill up large volumes of space with temporary impassible barriers
(usually there is a chemical counter-agent that can be applied to
neutralize/remove the foam).

Range: About 40 to 100 feet when thrown by an average person. Can be
upwards of 250 feet when thrown by someone with cybernetic/genetic
augmentation.

Weapon Class: C

Most non-explosive grenades are readily available and relatively cheap
as long as you know where to look for them. The explosives are more
difficult to locate as they are considered controlled items.

[Category:Weapons_Future](Category:Weapons_Future "wikilink")---
title: Grenade
permalink: /Grenade/
---

