+++
title = "Laser"
+++

title:		Laser
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Laser
percent:	100
authors:	
Light Amplification through the Stimulated Emission of Radiation. Lasers
have been around for a long, long time, and over the years they have
been continually refined, adjusted, and tweaked until they finally
became more than simple communications and entertainment tools.

Since the days of the first laser satellite defense systems the
technology has advanced with increasing speed. Basically nothing more
than a coherent beam of light at a single, controllable,
frequency/wavelength, it was always known that they could be used as
weapons, but the big question at hand was always, how do we provide
enough energy in a small enough package to make them practical and
effective.

Hydrogen power cells heralded the beginning of practical, man-portable
laser weapons, although they were still cumbersome and situational at
best. The beams, while incredibly powerful, were only good for one shot
per fuel cell. This rapid material consumption rate was offset by the
weapon's destructive capabilities however, and many military units began
to carry a laser weapon with them for similar tasks as a disposable
rocket launcher might be used. They also made excellent vehicle mounted
weapons as they could be serviced by dedicated, high-output generators
and crews.

With the advent of high capacity, advanced material batteries and
eventually, micro fusion power cells, the laser weapon really came into
its own. These advances allowed for much smaller, more practical,
multi-use weapons to be developed and eventually reduced them in size to
similar dimensions as more conventional projectile weapons. Now laser
weapons are available in a myriad of sizes and shapes, all of which are
extremely effective weapons when dealing with armor and hardened
installations that are not equipped with refractive or ablative armors.

Lasers used against people are somewhat of a dichotomy in that they
easily do significant damage, but at the same time they cauterize wounds
as quickly as they are made and tend to deaden pain receptors and nerves
as they pass through, thereby allowing victims of laser fire to ignore
the damage and keep fighting on for as long as their bodies continue to
function. For this reason and the fact that human flesh does not tend to
stop the beams, allowing for significant collateral damage, they are
typically used more against vehicles and armor than against people.

The following statistics are representative of nearly all small arms
type laser weapons, anything different would either be very custom or
more than likely vehicle or ship mounted.

Effective Range: 15 to 20 miles with proper visibility and optics for
aiming.

Maximum Range: In an atmosphere, approximately 50 to 100 miles, mostly
hindered by line of sight and beam attenuation through the gaseous
composition of the atmosphere. In the vacuum of space the range of laser
weaponry is up to one-hundred times greater than in an atmosphere.

Payload: Most modern laser weapons have an effectively unlimited payload
as they are powered by micro fusion power cells.

Weapon Class: C

Laser weapons are considered a controlled commodity and are thusly only
available to military and law enforcement organizations. Also, the ease
with which a laser beam could rupture a hull and instantly kill hundreds
or more people with a poorly placed shot has made their use in contained
atmosphere environments (space stations, space craft, and other such
pressurized environments contained within otherwise inhospitable or
unlivable atmospheres) illegal.

[Category:Weapons_Future](Category:Weapons_Future "wikilink")---
title: Laser
permalink: /Laser/
---

