---
title: Weapon Classifications
---

Weapons are broken down into classes based upon several factors. Range,
Ammunition type (where applicable), damage potential versus organic materials
(people), Damage potential versus inorganic materials (structures and vehicles),
Weight, and Legality.

Class A Class A weapons are weapons with limited or no range, blunt or sharp
edges designed to cause damage through various forms of bashing, smashing,
slicing, chopping, piercing, etc. Examples of Class A weapons would include
Swords, Staves, Axes, Knives, Maces, Clubs, Cudgels, Spears, Pole-arms and so
on. Also included in this class of weapons are various high tech versions of all
of the above, including monowire weapons, high-frequency blades, concussive
impact maces and staves and energy blades, which are rare, extremely
destructive, and astronomically expensive to own and operate.

Class B Class B weapons are weapons that fire solid projectiles via expanding
gas/chemical propellants such as gun powder and shaped explosive charges. Class
B weapons are generally small, light weight, compact weapons that do moderate
damage to organic targets and little to no damage to structures and vehicles.
Examples of Class B weapons include semi and fully automatic pistols that fire
bullets, light sub-machine guns, hunting rifles, bows, cross-bows, arbalests,
shot guns, and other such ballistic weapons. Class B weapons are legally
available to any civilian with no criminal record on file, or to anyone with
enough money and the means to acquire them.

Class C Class C weapons are weapons that would typically be found only in law
enforcement or military operations. They typically are high caliber ballistic
weapons, weapons that fire extremely dense solid projectiles through means other
than chemical propulsion, and some light energy weapons. Class C weapons are
typically extremely effective against organic targets (almost always resulting
in death unless wounds are treated immediately), and reasonably effective
against lightly armored structures and vehicles. Examples of Class C weapons
include medium and heavy assault rifles, sniper rifles, heavy machine guns,
gatling cannons, rail cannons (electro-magnetic mass accelerators), ion, and
plasma pistols and rifles. This Class of weapons also includes such light
explosives as grenades, C4, primer cord, dynamite and a wide array of
anti-personnel and anti-vehicle devices. Class C weapons are restricted to
government special operations personnel, law enforcement, military, and a few
super-powerful corporations, and their use is strictly policed.

Class D Class D weapons are weapons that are only used by the military and a
very select few mega-corporations. These weapons are capable of obscene amounts
of destruction. Organic materials are all but instantly and totally destroyed by
them and lightly armored vehicles and structures stand little chance of
surviving attacks from these weapons.  Medium armored vehicles (such as main
battle tanks) are likely to be disabled by Class D weapons fire, but usually
survive a few hits, and heavily armored structures and vehicles (such as battle
ship hulls and bomb shelters) will suffer moderate damage but can withstand
several attacks without being disabled or destroyed. Examples of Class D weapons
include, stinger and LAW rocket launchers, particle beam cannons, heavy rail
cannons, mortars, and such explosive devices as limpet mines and demolition
packs. Class D weapons are available ONLY to the military, with only one or two
exceptions, and their use by anyone outside of those parameters is highly
illegal.

Class E Class E weapons are included here for completeness’ sake, despite the
fact that they are not ‘man portable’ (able to be carried and used by a single
person). These weapons are unlikely to hit organic targets directly as they are
usually ponderously slow to aim and adjust, but the likelihood of someone dieing
from damage inflicted by one of these weapons is almost total. Light and medium
vehicles and structures stand no chance what-so-ever, and heavy vehicles and
structures will crumble quickly under their assault. These weapons are typically
large, turret based, and crew served weapons and more often than not are
attached to or built into vehicles and ships such as tanks, battle ships, and so
forth. The use of Class E weapons by anyone not in the military is strictly
forbidden and punishable by death without trial.

Class F Class F weapons are classified as weapons of pinpoint accuracy but
incredible damage potential. This class of weapons includes laser guided,
computer guided, and other ‘intelligent’ weaponry capable of destroying or
causing severe damage to the most hardened of structures.  These weapons are
always launched from air craft/space craft, or other such large platforms
(mobile gantries, battle ships, etc.). These weapons will obliterate any organic
target that is in their direct blast radius and cause high amounts of ancillary
damage through debris and collapsing structures. These weapons are highly
illegal in the hands of anyone but the military and their possession/use outside
of that arena is punishable by death.

Class G Class G weapons are classified as weapons of mass destruction.  These
are nuclear fission and fusion weapons, biological weapons, high energy mass
drivers and high yield energy weapons capable of destroying large, city sized
areas. These weapons do extreme amounts of damage to all matter, organic or
inorganic, and are outlawed summarily.
