---
date: 2011-08-12 12:11:16 -0600
title: Kalijor
weight: 2
---

![Riana and Katrina](/images/RianaAndKatrina-246x300.png?classes=a-right)

Kalijor is the product of a lot of dreaming, a lot of hard work, and a lot of
fun times. I conceived the world of Kalijor after nearly ten years of role
playing with my friends through school. I loved the games we played but I
quickly grew tired of trying to fit my own ideas inside the framework of the
world settings that the source books offered. That and I wanted to have a better
reason to tell my friends that they couldn't play that uber evil-smashing mega
knight deluxe character, and setting them in my own world with specifically
allowable character types seemed the best way to go and make everyone fall in
with a minimum of fuss.

So Kalijor was born. Only not as Kalijor. Initially, and for a number of years I
called it Jade. Kalijor was actually the name of a magical weapon found by the
players in the world of Jade. Well as I began to flesh out the world and it
started taking on a life of its own, I began to think about the possibility of
some form of publication and the name Jade is used quite a bit by other folks in
the fantasy realm. I wanted, no NEEDED a name for my world that was really
unique and sounded cool at the same time. So I upgraded the magical weapon to an
entire world (heck of a promotion if I do say so myself).

From that point it just sort of took off on its own. New characters were
created, the local governments and politics began to take shape and before I
knew it I was pounding away at the keyboard daily (or almost daily) until I
eventually found myself here, building this site to support, and promote the
novels, the WORLD of Kalijor!
