---
title: Arc Ships
---

title:		Arc Ships
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Arc_Ships
percent:	100
authors:	
These massive vessels were built to send humanity out into the stars
before the advent of super-luminal drive technology.

Arc-Ships were designed to house tens of thousands of people, have
facilities to grow food and recycle waste, and otherwise be completely
enclosed, self-sustaining ecosystems. They left earth with crews
numbering in the thousands, and were intended to travel to the closest
stars to Sol that had been determined to have Earth-type planetoids
orbiting them. It was projected that by the time they reached their
destinations, they would be filled to capacity with residents who had
been born aboard the ships. Also known as 'generation ships' it was
known that these vessels would house many generations of people, and
that the majority of them would never see Earth, the Sol System, or even
their final destination, during their lifetimes. Although sub-space
links did allow them to have regular, real-time interactions with the
rest of humanity.

Not one single Arc-Ship ever reached its destination under its own
original design paramaters however, as super-luminal drive technology
was built, tested, and deployed within decades of the ships launches.
Once the technology was deployed, several small, super-luminal vessels
were sent out after the Arc-Ships with technology to install in order to
make the massive vessels capable of traveling faster than the speed of
light.

[category:Vehicles](category:Vehicles "wikilink")---
title: Arc Ships
permalink: /Arc_Ships/
---

