---
title: The Neophyte'S Serendipity
---

# Vital Statistics

**Registered Name:** Neophyte's Serendipity

**Aliases:**

**Registered Owner:** [Vincent Torres](../../people-future/vincent_torres)

**Captain:** [Vincent Torres](../../people-future/vincent_torres)

**Registration Number:** NX-1138

**Manufacturer:** [Cold Fusion](../../corporations/cold_fusion)

**Construction Shipyard:**

**Launch Date:** June 27, 2778

**Make:** Medium Cargo, converted from Large Scout

**Model:** CF1811-B, 'Yampa' class light freighter

**Centerline:** 131 feet

**Beam:** 48 feet (fusilage), 110 feet (wing-tip to wing-tip)

**Dry Weight:** 310,000 pounds

**Passenger Capacity:** 5

**Cargo Capacity:** 44,000 pounds

**Sub-Luminal Drive Type:** Two High-Output Heavy Ion

**Super-Luminal Drive Type:** None

**Sub-Luminal Cruising Velocity:** 80,000 MPH

**Sub-Luminal Maximum Velocity:** 100,000 MPH

**Super-Luminal Cruising Velocity:** N/A

**Super-Luminal Maximum Velocity:** N/A

**Mean Earth-Luna Trip Time:** 2.5 hours

# General Description

Its normal port of call is the Earth Ring Station where Vincent lives, however
he has been known to spend months aboard the ship while traveling back and forth
across the solar system doing business.

The Serendipity began life as a military scout ship and was acquired by Vincent
at auction after it was, of course, stripped of any and all weapons and other
military hardware. The ship does however, still have its military grade hull
armor as to remove it would destroy the vessel entirely.

Vincent has spent a great deal of time and money upgrading the ship and has
added, among other things, a pair of the fastest ion drive systems available on
the market, particle shields that have been modified to within military specs
for repelling weapon's fire, incredibly advanced computer and sensory systems,
and numerous weapons systems that push the borders of legality for a private
citizen. The ship has a clean record and Vincent is not in the habit of
trafficking in controlled materials, but he does like to be prepared and just
loves tinkering with the ship whenever he has the time and money to do so.

The Serendipity is an intrasystem ship only, meaning it has no superluminal
capabilities, although Vincent is currently stashing money away to buy a
high-end traction drive for the vessel. Currently, its maximum velocity is
around .54c or 1/2 the speed of light which allows him to make extremely fast
runs from planet to planet within the Sol system. It is important to note,
however, that operating at such velocities consumes enormous quantities of fuel
and energy, making such 'sprints' very expensive. Because of this sprinting
ability Vincent tends to receive a lot of priority business which makes him a
comfortable living and a fairly well known captain in the Sol system.

The Serendipity has something of a cult following among other small shipping
operators and has won the Sol intrasystem relay race four years running. A race
which has pilots push their vessels from the Earth Station out between Mars and
the Mars Station, through the asteroid belt, past Titan, then threading the
rings of Saturn and dashing back into the inner solar system for a hard line to
Mercury, around the sun and past Venus, returning to Earth Station as quickly as
possible. The Neophyte's Serendipity regularly wins the race by the margin of at
least a day, sometimes three.

# Sensor Systems of Note

Advanced combat tracking system with IFF and 16 target simultaneous tracking.
Internal and external bio and radiation sensors.  Surface-mapping system.

# Defensive Systems of Note

Heavy ablative armor High-energy planar particle chielding

# Offensive Systems of Note

2 ventrally mounted heavy particle beam turrets, 1 dorsally mounted heavy laser
cannon turret, 2 fusilage mounted medium range missile launchers

# Special Features of Note

Several large hidden compartments with cloaking systems

# History

# Spoilers

Status: In Service

When I was in my teens, my dad bought a ski boat. It was this awesome, glowing
white with sea foam green accents, 21 foot long aquatic machine. I loved it, and
still do to this day. In point of fact, I love boats of all kinds. Anyway, we
were kicking around ideas for the name of the boat, because all boats \~must\~
have names. It's maritime tradition. Anyway, we kicked names around for a bit
and the one that people liked the most was Beginner's Luck, but it was decided
that we didn't want it to sound like we'd won the lottery or something, so we
translated it into Latin, thus, the Neophyte's Serendipity.

Well, we ended up not using the name for the family boat, but I liked it
so much that I hung onto it for a bunch of years and when I needed a
name for Vincent's ship, it seemed like a no-brainer to me.
