---
title: The Seraphim
---

# Vital Statistics

**Registered Name:** Seraphim

**Aliases:**

**Registered Owner:** [Niko Nori](../../people-future/niko_nori)

**Captain:** [Niko Nori](../../people-future/niko_nori), although it is more
often piloted by [Alina Martin](../../people-future/alina_martin)

**Registration Number:**

**Manufacturer:** Unknown

**Construction Shipyard:** [Ceres](../../places-future/ceres)

**Launch Date:** Unknown

**Make:** Small Shuttle

**Model:** Unknown

**Centerline:** 36 feet

**Beam:** 11 feet (fusilage), 28 feet (wing-tip to wing-tip)

**Dry Weight:** 13,000 pounds

**Passenger Capacity:** 2

**Cargo Capacity:** Minimal, around 250 pounds

**Sub-Luminal Drive Type:** Two High-Output Plasma

**Super-Luminal Drive Type:** None

**Sub-Luminal Cruising Velocity:** 110,000 MPH

**Sub-Luminal Maximum Velocity:** 130,000 MPH

**Super-Luminal Cruising Velocity:** N/A

**Super-Luminal Maximum Velocity:** N/A

**Mean Earth-Luna Trip Time:** 1.5

# General Description

The Seraphim is a tiny, 2 passenger shuttle owned and Operated by [Niko
Nori](../../people-future/niko_nori). It hangers at her private facility in
[Ceres](../../places-future/ceres) and is maintained only by her. If Niko were
ever forced to reveal that she actually had any special feelings for an object,
it would be this ship, as it was the vessel that she used to bring
[Alina](../../people-future/alina_martin) home to her after she escaped the
clutches of [Tor Rayean](../../people-future/tor_rayean) in
[Tranquility](../../places-future/tranquility).

The Seraphim is an ultra-fast performance vessel that has been kitted out with a
few ammenities, such as a small sleeping cabin and a functioning bathing tub. To
compensate for these additions, and to increase her performance envelope, all
other non-essentials have been trimmed out, including any and all weapon
systems, armor, and combat shielding. She maintains strong navigational shields,
an extremely advanced sensory suite, and top of the line avionics and
RCS/maneuvering systems, making her an extremely nimble craft in nearly any
environment.  Added to that, is the fact that she is powered by two high-output
plasma drives that are well above her weight class, and a set of JATO/RATO
boosters (Jet/Rocket Assisted Take-Off) for escaping high-gravity wells, or for
an extra burst of speed in a pinch.

The Seraphim, while certainly not the fastest ship around, is easily in the top
50, and can make the run from Earth to Luna, a trip that takes most vessels 5-6
hours, and sprinters such as The Kestrel, 3-4 hours, in just over an hour.

While Niko tends to stay in and around Ceres with her obligations demanding much
of her time, Alina uses The Seraphim to make her trips to and from runner
facilities to secure business, maintain relationships with customers, and carve
out new market share for their operations.

# Sensor Systems of Note

# Defensive Systems of Note

High-energy navigational shields. These are capable of stopping only the
lightest of munitions, such as light rail guns/mass drivers and are useless
against explosives and energy weapons.

# Offensive Systems of Note

None

# Special Features of Note

# History

# Spoilers

Status: In Service

Riana borrowed the Seraphim in the fourth novel after waking up from a six
month, artificialy induced coma to find that Anja had gone on a bloody rampage
across the Sol System, using her name. While sprinting to Neo-Tokyo to put a
stop to Anja's activities, she was attacked by several pirate vessels and forced
to use The Seraphim's speed and agility to out-maneuver and confound the pirates
before escaping to safety.
