---
title: Body Armor
---

title:		Body Armor
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Body_Armor
percent:	100
authors:	
Personal protective body armor comes in a variety of shapes, styles and
materials, most of which are designed for specific conditions, or to
protect against specific forms of damage. For the purposes of
simplicity, the records here are broken down into categories describing
the physical composition or properties of the armor type in question,
such as soft, or hard, etc.

Soft Armor is usually composed of some type of synthetic material that
is woven in numerous layers that are designed to spread out the kinetic
force of incoming projectiles, thereby reducing the amount of
penetrative force or damage said projectile is capable of inflicting.
Weapons with cutting edges are typically more effective against soft
armors as they tend to cut and sever the carefully woven fibers rather
than impacting with blunt force. Materials such as Kevlar, carbon fiber,
and certain spider silks have all been used very effectively in soft
armors for hundreds of years and are still in use now, along with
several newer, stronger and more flexible (and accordingly more
expensive) materials. Soft armor will protect against most Class B
weapon fire and many class A weapons (Except the sharp and pointy ones),
provided the assailant is not using some form of armor piercing
munitions. Some light Class C weapons will do greatly reduced damage to
a person wearing soft armor, but for the most part anyone facing Class C
or greater weapons in soft armor had better consider a good escape plan.
With rare exception, no soft armor is likely to provide even the barest
of defense against energy weapons or explosives. Soft armors are by far
the most cost effective and easiest to obtain.

Hard Armor is usually composed of some form of rigid, malleable material
that is capable of stopping most small projectiles and some light energy
weapons cold. The plates are usually custom made to a specific user in
order to match their joint structure and mobility as closely as possible
and anyone wearing hard armor designed for someone else is likely to
have a very difficult time of it if they can manage at all. There are
some movement penalties associated with hard armors as joints and
flexibility are restricted in favor of a higher degree of protection.
Hard armors are extremely effective against all Class A and Class B
weapons, and will shrug off most Class C weapon damage as well. It will
dissipate the damage from most light explosives, hand grenades and such,
and can even offer other benefits such as environmental seals, allowing
the user to traverse open vacuum, harsh climates and inhospitable
planets, as well as negating the effectiveness of most chemical agents
that may be dispersed through the air. Hard armors are considerably more
expensive than soft armors (especially if they are environmental as
well), and their availability is not wide spread, although if one has
the funds, it could be located without too much trouble.

Reactive Armor is the best of two worlds. Reactive armor is constructed
using a combination of hard and soft materials, with the addition of
some practical science thrown in for good measure. The basic idea is
that the armor is able to sense when damage is occurring at a particular
point, and is then able to react to that damage by somehow increasing
the level of protection at that specific point. For example, there could
be a layer of magnetically reactive liquid suspended between the lining
and outer layer of the armor that, when the suit senses danger, it
applies an electromagnetic field to the area in danger, thus causing the
liquid to solidify, creating a piece of hard armor at the point of
trauma only and keeping the rest of the suit flexible enough to allow
its wearer to bend and move out of harms way, further reducing the
damage. Many forms of reactive armor have been developed and
experimented with over the years and the technologies are wildly
different from one design to another, but the basic principal is the
same. The armor senses danger or potential damage and reacts by
increasing the level of protection in that spot. In addition to all of
this, reactive armors can be made in any size, shape, color, weight and
level of protection desired by an individual, and can include features
such as built in computers (they are there already to run the reactive
portion of the armor so why not add more to do other things with? Like
targeting, Identify Friend or Foe \[IFF\], night vision, etc), or
environmental seals and so on. Reactive armors are capable of providing
extreme protection against all Class A, B, and C weapons and explosives
including to some degree many energy weapons. The down side to this
however is that typically this armor can only be ‘used’ one time. Once
it is subjected to damage, it weakens the system as a whole and it must
be either meticulously repaired or, more often than not, scrapped and
replaced entirely. Reactive armors are prohibitively expensive and are
available only to the military, government, and certain extremely
powerful mega-corporations.

Power Armors are in a class all their own. These armor systems are
almost vehicles in their capabilities and complexity, but are included
here because their size and function limits them specifically to single
person use in the fields of infantry and espionage. Power armor is
usually some combination of Hard and Reactive armors with the added
benefit of structural reinforcement and motor assisted movement. These
motor and structural enhancements allow the wearer of power armor to be
stronger, faster, and more agile than any normal person would otherwise
be capable of. Through the use of micro turbines and ducted
fan/compressed air systems flight or hovering is even possible. The
other nice benefit of the structural and strength enhancements is that
much heavier weapons can be used by the wearer of the power armor and in
fact, many power armor systems include an array of built-in weapon
systems and sensors that would otherwise be reserved for vehicle
mounting. All power armor systems are environmentally sealed and provide
protection against nearly all Class A, B, C, and D weapons and
explosives, including energy weapons and have even been known to fight
toe-to-toe against class E weapon systems and fare reasonably well. The
wearer of a good suit of power armor is essentially enclosed within a
compact, extremely mobile tank. These suites are expensive in the
extreme and due to the weapon systems that are usually outfitted on
them, they are closely controlled by the military, restricting their use
to primarily military personnel, and a few other extremely well
connected and financed corporations.

[Category:Technology](Category:Technology "wikilink")---
title: Body Armor
permalink: /Body_Armor/
---

