+++
title = "Computers"
+++

title:		Computers
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Computers
percent:	100
authors:	
Over centuries of development, computer technology has continued to grow
and evolve. After the industry maxed out the capabilities of standard
semi-conductor chips they moved on to super-conducting materials and
then to the inevitable optical systems, allowing computers to operate at
relativistic speeds. Today's computers are all optical processing units
that operate on a hexadecimal base programming system. Moving away from
a binary base language allows developers to represent significantly more
complicated concepts and data with much smaller amounts of information.
This combined with relativistic processing speeds insures that, in most
cases, there is little chance of a computer not having enough processing
muscle to support even the most complicated tasks/software with ease.

Memory systems are all optical as well, using three-dimensional,
holographic storage mediums for near instant access to massive amounts
of information. At last the computer's memory and storage devices are
integrated into one single space and technology which allows for instant
on systems and complete resistance to power loss and most catastrophic
data loss scenarios.

The main boards and other peripherals have been replaced with an ODN or
Optical Data Network backbone architecture that allows, again, for
relativistic throughput of information from the CPU to anywhere else
attached to the computer.

Actual CPU processing speeds are measured in PetaFlops for most normal
consumer computers and there is no significant difference between the
wrist mounted mobile computers and the most powerful of fixed, home
systems.

Computer display technology has evolved to the point at which there is
no actual fixed display, rather, there is a holographic display that
floats somewhere near the interface point, which can be either fixed or
also holographic in nature depending on the situation and the user's
needs/desires.

Most modern computers can output to an infinite number of holographic
displays simultaneously, however most normal users limit themselves to
between one and four 'displays' in order to keep themselves productive.
The 'display' can be nearly any size, even on a small wrist type
computer, although power consumption increases substantially once the
display increases beyond about 10 cubic feet.

Interface technology as also advanced significantly, now falling into
one of two common forms. Hard interfaces are touch sensitive, user
configurable surfaces that can change and be changed per application or
per user on that particular terminal.

Soft interfaces are three dimensional projections that track the
movements of the user within their area and interpret that movement as
input. This can as simple as a virtual keyboard or as complex as
allowing the user to reach into the display area, 'grab' a portion or
element of the display and then move it elsewhere. These displays are by
far the most common on most mobile computers as they allow said devices
to be considerably smaller in size.

Storage technology has become extravagantly large over the years, with
an average size data wafer or crystal able to contain PetaBytes of
information in even their smallest sizes.

[Category:Technology](Category:Technology "wikilink")---
title: Computers
permalink: /Computers/
---

