---
title: Cybernetics
---

title:		Cybernetics
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Cybernetics
percent:	100
authors:	
Cybernetics is the science of replacing normal biological parts with
artificial ones that fill the same roll. In the beginning of the 20th
century it began with pace-makers and artificial hearts and from there
developed at a break-neck pace until before long any organ in the human
body, with the exception of the spine and brain, could be easily
replaced with an artificial equivalent. Once joints, bones, and even
muscle tissue began to be effectively replaced and the ties into the
nervous system became more reliable and faster, it did not take a
fantastic leap of creativity to begin using this science to actually
augment the parts in question.

Over the course of a thousand years the science began to build people
that were 5, 10, even 50 and 100 times stronger than a normal person.
People would actually replace their entire bodies with artificial parts,
effectively transforming themselves into machines of war with internal,
sometimes concealed weapons systems powered by on board nuclear fusion
power plants to keep them running indefinitely.

Modern cybernetics are still used for organ and tissue replacement for
medical purposes. Any augmentation of the body is highly illegal unless
it is for military purposes on enlisted soldiers who, when their term of
service is up, will have their upgrades removed and replaced with
standard medical-grade cybernetics.

[Category:Technology](Category:Technology "wikilink")---
title: Cybernetics
permalink: /Cybernetics/
---

