---
title: Spacecraft Technology
---

Space craft are now fairly commonplace with models available for prices that the
upper middle class can begin to afford. Space travel is still not tightly
regulated in open space, although flying in or near an inhabited body (Meaning
planet, moon, asteroid, space station, etc) requires a pilot’s license and all
of the appropriate clearances from ground control for the air-space in question.

There are a myriad of different types and designs of space craft available,
ranging from sleek, sexy two-seaters to family size six to ten passenger ships,
then up into cargo hauling and mobile home sized vessels. Typically anything
larger than a yacht is owned and operated by a company for the purpose of cargo
hauling or dignitary/VIP travel.  There are giant passenger liners that haul
passengers from point to point and even larger versions that are more like
cruise ships, providing every amenity conceivable while they roam around space
ponderously, allowing passengers plenty of time to relax and unwind while en
route to wherever they are going.

Space ship technology has advanced by leaps and bounds in the last five hundred
years, providing energy shields that are capable of repelling micro-meteorites
and other such harmful space debris, Radiation dampening fields that block out
all known forms of harmful radiation and cosmic rays, and super strong materials
and construction techniques that have allowed vessels to be made smaller and
lighter, but stronger than anything previously known.

Space craft hulls are armored enough to withstand bombardment by micro
meteorites at sub-luminal speeds but not to withstand weapons fire of any
significant force. Hulls designed for combat are used only in military grade
vessels.

Weapons systems are strictly controlled by the government and only the weakest
weapons designed for self defense and destruction of space debris are allowed to
be mounted on anything but military grade vessels.

Sensor systems are available in a wide variety ranging from standard RADAR type
systems to radiation detectors, thermal sensors, Electro Magnetic field sensors,
motion sensors, collision detection and a myriad of others. New sensor systems
become available every day that add a host of new capabilities to what is
already in use and to date none of them have become ‘controlled’ systems by the
government.

Propulsion systems fall into two categories, sub-luminal or slower than light,
and super-luminal or faster than light. Not long ago, super-luminal travel was a
pipe dream, requiring long distance journeys to be made in stasis as they
required years or even decades to complete, but even cryo-ships were a step
forward from the generation ships that were used to initially colonize Sol’s
closest neighboring star systems.
