+++
title = "Weapon Technology"
+++

title:		Weapon Technology
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Weapon_Technology
percent:	100
authors:	
With all of the advances in technology that seem to permeate the
everyday lives of the citizens of the Sol System it is often asked, why
are there not more advanced weapons in use? The answers are myriad and
varied depending upon whom you are speaking to, however there are a few
that are commonly cited, and ring true. To begin with, are there more
advanced personal weapons available? Absolutely. Examples of which
follow this article for those that are curious for more information but
include briefly, coherent light energy weapons or lasers, charged
particle weapons, or particle beams, ionizing gas discharge or plasma
weapons, and many more.

While these sorts of weapons are certainly possible and, today,
extremely portable and effective, they do have a few drawbacks, primary
of which is obviously cost. These weapons are astronomically expensive
to produce and so are available only to the wealthiest of organizations
and people. Next on the list of why they are not more common is their
potential for damage in the extreme. These weapons are usually so
effective that they can not be used within the tight confines of space
craft and space stations where the slightest misstep can cause an
explosive out-gassing in a habitable area which is, needless to say, a
circumstance that most people would want to avoid. Lastly, also because
of their destructive potential, most energy weapons have been put on
restricted materials lists and are thusly only available to military
organizations in the Sol System.

So, if all of the energy weapons are too expensive, too dangerous, and
too controlled by the government to be used, what then is a person to
use to defend themselves with? Fear not, simple ballistics technology
has advanced over the years and is still in widespread use in one form
or another today. Most of these weapons have evolved, but are still very
similar and comparable to those of yester-year. Rather than using crude
brass casings that are ejected out the side of the weapon as their
propellant is consumed, most weapons now operate on a caseless, shaped
charge design where the bullet is impregnated within a shaped explosive
charge that is electronically ignited within the breech of the weapon
and completely consumed through combustion as the projectile is pushed
out the barrel by the process. This allows the weapons to be smaller,
lighter, easier to maintain, cheaper to produce and have significantly
fewer moving parts (in some cases no moving parts). As a result,
projectile weapons have become cheap, easy to use and maintain, and will
not kill hundreds (or thousands) of bystanders if discharged inside a
vessel, as most bullets are not powerful enough to penetrate starship
hull materials.

Please bear in mind that some projectile weapons are still controlled
items, and thusly only available to the military and similar
organizations, but there are a great many that are widely available to
the general public with a minimum of hassle.

Not to be outdone however, technology has also lent itself to the
improvement of the age-old classics. Clubs, knives, and swords are still
in use today, and in fact they seem to be making a comeback in some
circles, particularly pilots and the ultra-wealthy who fancy themselves
fencers and swashbucklers like back in the days of yore, around the 23rd
century.

Some modern twists to these old stand-bys include advanced metallurgy
that make the blades/surfaces of the weapons extremely light, ultra
durable, and able to hold a wicked, surgical edge even through the most
rigorous of abuse. Add to this the ability to create high frequency
reciprocating blades that will allow any such weapon to slice through
the toughest of alloys, and your sword or knife becomes a weapon capable
of severing a limb in a flash. Other plays on this old standard include
monomolecular blades, a single molecule-wide string suspended within a
magnetic field, and the outrageously expensive charged particle or
plasma swords where volumes of sun-hot plasma gas are contained within a
tightly controlled magnetic field. These ancient weapons with modern
twists are not going anywhere soon.

[Category:Weapons_Future](Category:Weapons_Future "wikilink")---
title: Weapon Technology
permalink: /Weapon_Technology/
---

