---
title: Dregs
---

# Vital Statistics

**Name:** The Dregs

**Other Names:**

**Location:** The Asteroid Belt (between Jupiter and Saturn)

**Permanent Population:**

**Transient Population:**

**Imports:** Nothing critical. Mostly luxury items and goods that are not
produced locally.

**Exports:** Officially, Nothing. Unofficially, the Dregs is the largest
producer of starship components, sensory systems, drives, and habitate
modules/components in the solar system.

# Description

The term ‘The Dregs’ does not refer to any place in particular but rather
everything not covered specifically elsewhere. This term has been applied to
anyone who lives outside ‘the system’ or ‘off the grid’.  These are people who
for one reason or another have chosen to disengage themselves from the
conglomerate and its way of thinking. Dregs are usually looked down upon and
openly despised by even the lowest class citizens of the Conglomerate. They tend
to live off scraps and steal for what they need to survive. They live in sewage
systems, recycling plants and other undesirable locations throughout the system,
including some salvaged micro-space stations that they have taken possession of
and hauled off into the uninhabited corners of the Sol system and brought back
to life for occupation.

The Dregs are an assemblage of asteroids within the Sol system's asteroid belt
that have been hollowed out and connected together to form a rather unique
population center. Each asteroid is its own, self-contained environment that is
linked to those around it through a series of tunnels and tubes that allow easy
movement from habitat to habitat. However, each of these habitats can be
isolated from the others instantly if anything happens that would otherwise
jeopardize the integrity of the network.

The people that live in The Dregs do so because they choose to live 'off the
grid' and away from the corporate landscape of the rest of humanity.  The Dregs
are nearly self-sufficient, requiring only minimal food-stuffs to be imported.
By mining the surrounding asteroids, the inhabitants of The Dregs are able to
produce metals, machines and equipment, and even drinkable water, oxygen to
breathe and hydrogen to fuel their ship's drive systems. They are even able to
export certain products, such as drive systems and super-dense hull plating that
cannot be made as cheaply anywhere else in the system due to labor laws and the
constraints of forming the material's matrices in gravity fields.

One of the largest buyers for such components is the conglomerate, although they
would never publicly admit to it. All transactions are handled by third parties
and usually take the form of commodity exchanges since the people of The Dregs
do not use standard credits, or give them any value at all.

Most of the people that live in The Dregs do so by choice, and even though their
lives are difficult, they earn their living through hard work and toil, but live
happily and feel fulfillment at the end of the day.

# Features/Places of Note

# Government

Legislative/operational policy is decided by public assembly and debate that is
presided over by a minimum of 99 heads of family.

Most policy is debated and decided upon by the council of family heads and once
a decision is made and agreed upon, it is posted publically and can be stopped
before it is officially inacted if 50%+1 of registered voters disagree with the
resolution.

Similarly, any registered voter may bring a resolution before the assembly, make
a case for it in teh public forum/debate, and have it posted as a proposed
policy, at which point it is voted upon by all registered voters, including the
heads of household that make up the current counsil of family heads. If such a
resolution should receive 50%+1 positive votes from the registered voter base,
then it is ratified into action.

Any resolutions can be repealed/removed from operation by similar means.
Someone must publicly speak out at the forum to ask for its removal, at which
point it is voted upon just like any act that is working to be made official.

# History

# Spoilers

Status:
