---
title: Earth
---

# Vital Statistics

**Name:** Earth

**Other Names:** Mother Earth, The Cradel of Human civilization

**Location:** Third Rock from the Sun

**Permanent Population:** 0

**Transient Population:** 0

**Imports:** Nothing

**Exports:** Nothing

# Description

The cradle of human civilization. The blue-green gem in the night sky of every
other world or station in the Sol system. Over five-hundred years ago the human
race made a valiant attempt at destroying itself with the aid of nuclear fission
and nuclear fusion weapons. They very nearly succeeded in this endeavor, only
surviving because there were a few million people off-world when the war broke
out.

Much has changed since that day, so long ago, but the scar of their heinous act
still burns in the veins of every person that casts their eyes toward their once
and former home, for no human being has set foot on the planet Earth since then
as the radiation levels would instantly kill anyone who attempted to breathe its
air.

# Features/Places of Note

# Government

None

# History

The cradel of human life and civilization, the Earth was utterly destroyed by a
nuclear hollocaust when her offspring got into a quarral about how they should
govern themselves. Since that day, nearly 600 years ago, the plane has been a
barren wasteland, incapable of supporting life.

# Spoilers

Imports: Everything. The Earth produces nothing at all despite its rejuvenated
ecology.

Exports: Nothing. Nothing is produced on the Earth.

Population: Unknown.

Description: The Earth has had nearly five-hundred years to recover from its
near annihilation. In that time, and with some outside assistance by certain
parties, it has flourished; returning to a state of nearly untouched beauty. The
Conglomerate has gone to great pains to conceal this fact from anyone else
however, still publicly claiming that the planet is highly irradiated and
unlivable across the entirety of its surface. No ships are allowed to descend to
Earthâ€™s surface under any circumstances and any that try are destroyed without
question by a strategic defense system in the Earth-Ring space station. The only
way to get to the surface is by using one of the two secret orbital elevators in
the Earth-ring station. One of the elevators touches down on a platform in the
Gulf of Mexico, the other near Taiwan, and both are secured facilities that are
guarded twenty four hours a day by well armed military units that kill on sight
anyone without clearance.
