---
title: Earth Ring Station
---

# Vital Statistics

**Name:** The Earth Ring Station

**Other Names:** Ring Station, 'Earth'

**Location:** Built in geo-synchronous orbit around [Earth](../earth)

**Permanent Population:** 5 billion

**Transient Population:** 10 million to 100 million souls

**Imports:** Food, Raw materials both organic and non-organic, prefabricated
starship components, entertainment.

**Exports:** Medical supplies, Weapons, Starships (both sub-luminal and
super-luminal).

# Description

It consists of three massive rings that intersect at perpendicular angles to one
another, perfectly quartering the planet. At each intersection of these tubes is
a massive node where megacities have been built, each capable of housing
hundreds of millions of people.

The megacities are each self-sufficient with the exception of food production.
While they grow impressive amounts of food themselves in hydroponic gardens, it
is not nearly enough for them to support their entire populations. As such the
primary import of the Earth Ring Station is food.

Power is generated through a combination of fusion generators, photovoltaic
cells on the surface of the station, and a unique fluid system that generates
power by circulating fluid throughout the rings of the station by the
heating/cooling convection action of the sun on the surface of the station.

The rings of the station are used for the dual purpose of docking ships, both
large and small, and fabrication/industrial activity, as well as additional
housing, mostly for transients although many permanent residents choose to live
in the rings as well since that allows them to stay closer to their work.

The normal, permanent population of the Earth Ring Station is in the
neighborhood of five billion, making it by far the most populace center for
human habitation in known space.

Each of the megacity nodes is equipped with everything anyone could want
including housing, schools, recreation, shopping, public parks, and anything
else a person might need. An additional, long-unused feature of each of these
cities are the six orbital elevator shafts that were once, more than
five-hundred years ago, used to efficiently move large and small payloads from
the surface of the Earth to the ring station. Most people no longer even
remember the existence of these facilities, let alone where they might actually
be located.

# Features/Places of Note

[Neo-Tokyo](../neo-tokyo) (Indian Ocean)

[Beier Ikhaya](../beier_ikhaya) (African)

[Renchi-kas](../renchi-kas) (Gulf)

[Xaman-Otoch](../xaman-otoch) (Arctic)

[Lintang Kampong](../lintang_kampong) (Pacific)

[På-rymi](../på-rymi) (Antarctic)

The Rings

# Government

# History

The Earth Ring Station was constructed over the course of two centuries, before
the war that nearly destroyed the planet Earth itself.

# Spoilers

Status:
