---
title: Mars
---

# Vital Statistics

**Name:** Mars

**Other Names:**

**Location:**

**Permanent Population:** 3.5 Billion

**Transient Population:**

**Imports:** People, medical supplies.

**Exports:** Food, manufactured goods.

# Description

Mars has been adopted as the agricultural capital of the Sol system.  Their
hydroponics technology is unrivaled and their food output is nearly twice what
is required to feed the entire Sol system. Over the last hundred years or so
they have turned their technical expertise to the manufacture of goods as well
as food and have rapidly become the center of production as well. The planet is
dotted with large archologies that house all of the technical facilities and
provide residence for the people as well. The two largest cities on the planet
are [Hector](../hector) and [Achilles](../achilles), each resting on opposite
ends of a massive, three-thousand mile long crevice known as the Valles
Marineris. Hector is the manufacturing capital of the planet, and Achilles is
the agricultural capital.

The red planet has been heavily populated, in similar fashion to the Earth's
moon. Thousands of large, domed structures house the cities and facilities of
the people that live there. The primary industries on Mars are agriculture and
manufacturing of spaceship and space station components for export off-world.

The population of Mars is near four billion, nearly all of which are permanent
residents. Mars is viewed by many people as a sort of trailer park community
that is unpalatable to most people's senses. Most attribute this fact to the
dull light and ruddy color of the surface of the planet, saying that it induces
depression and sloth in human beings.  Most of the people who live there
however, tend to like it and stay there by choice for the most part, so it is
difficult to say where the feeling of dislike for the planet really originates.

# Features/Places of Note

The two largest cities on Mars are [Achilles](../achilles), and
[Hector](../hector).

# Government

# History

# Spoilers

Status:
