+++
title = "Venus"
+++

title:		Venus
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Venus
percent:	100
authors:	
## Vital Statistics

**Name:** Venus
**Other Names:**
**Location:**
**Permanent Population:** Varies, normally around 200 million.
**Transient Population:**
**Imports:** Food, water, labor, machine parts
**Exports:** Heavy metals, minerals, silicates and other raw materials
used in the construction of computers, weapons, equipment, and ships.

## Description

Venus is a violent and dangerous place for even the most well-prepared
individuals. Its atmosphere is acidic and ranges from hundreds of
degrees to thousands of degrees in temperature. Its surface is largely
volcanic and is constantly buffeted by hurricane-force winds. All of
this does not stop people from living on the planet however, as there
are vast stores of heavy metals, minerals, and silicates, all of which
are in huge demand throughout the Sol system for the production of
ships, weapons, and computer systems.

Those that choose a life in this harsh environment, usually only do so
for a short time, generally for a period of a few months to a couple of
years. Anyone choosing to stay longer is often viewed as insane and
relegated to the status of ‘hermit.’ There are only a couple larger,
permanent cities on Venus and keeping them running is a full-time, and
dangerous job that keeps an army of technicians employed. Most other
residents spend their days in large, armored vehicles that serve as
mobile extraction and processing facilities that roam the surface,
looking for useable materials, picking them up, refining them into
easily transportable units and then moving on to the next cache. Most
individuals who do this for a few months can make enough credits to move
themselves into a much higher standard of living for a few years.
Working on Venus for a couple of years can set someone up for high
living for the rest of their lives\! Hermits tend to be people that
either desire to be alone, are hiding from ‘the law’ or have just
developed a compulsion for ‘the life’. These individuals tend to be
eccentric or paranoid in the extreme and are often phenomenally wealthy,
although they would never admit to it, nor take time to actually enjoy
it, the calling of ‘the life’ is simply too strong for them to ignore\!
Venus is known throughout the Sol system as having some of the best bars
and entertainment in the known universe\!

## Features/Places of Note

## Government

## History

## Spoilers

<spoiler text="Spoilers">Status: </spoiler>

[category:Places_Future](category:Places_Future "wikilink")---
title: Venus
permalink: /Venus/
---

