---
date: 2014-04-15T09:38:41-06:00
title: Chapter 2
weight: 3
---

# -2-

Fifteen minutes later, en route to meet his contact and drop off the data he’d
recovered, his comm link chirped out that he was being contacted on a secure
line. Grinning, Darren put the comm link in his ear and ran the short ODN cable
dangling from it into the head jack, allowing his onboard computer to decrypt
the signal. Contacting him while he was still on the job meant a priority
assignment, and a priority assignment meant priority pay. His grin turned into a
wolfish smile as he keyed up the comm and answered the line.

"Go for ninety-nine," he said.

"Priority one acquisition. Physical materials in transit. Movement is supposed
to be clandestine, so guard response should be minimal," the mechanical voice
announced.

Darren grunted at the job description. He preferred to only work with digital
commodities as physical objects made it difficult for him to move as freely as
he liked, especially when making an escape from the scene of a crime he’d just
committed. Still, a priority one job on no notice meant huge dividends.

"Comp?"

There was a pause as the person or computer, it was impossible to tell which, on
the other end of the line considered his question. At last the voice returned
with, "Two point four million."

Darren sat up straight in his seat on the mono-rail, eyes wide. That much money
would allow him to quit the company and go freelance. It could set him up for a
life without having to work at all, if he handled it right. Not that he wouldn’t
still freelance. "Package?" he asked, trying to cover up the lump of excitement
in his throat.

"Sealed canister," the voice replied.

"Dimensions?"

"Six inches in diameter, one foot long."

"Delivery?" He raised an eyebrow. Two million credits for something that small
was a lot of coin. Somehow, he suspected there would be more than minimal
resistance, even if the object was being moved in secret.

"Agent Three, location ZZ9PZA."

Agent Three was big-time. They’d finally called him for a big job. Darren’s grin
receded a bit as he considered the ramifications of the call. Being optioned for
something that big, and dropping the package with Agent Three meant one of two
things. They had their eyes on him, which in and of itself could be good or bad
depending on the scrutiny he was getting, or they wanted him out of the game and
they were sending him on a fool’s errand to be killed. Still, he felt sure he
could get himself out of any situation he might end up in as a result of taking
the job. He’d been in the game long enough to know the tricks and traps he was
likely to encounter. Plus, the two million credits meant he wouldn’t have to
take any more jobs from Aegis Online ever again. At least, not if he didn’t want
to.

"Send the file," he replied before he could talk himself out of it.

The line went dead and a moment later, his on board computer beeped in his ear
again, signaling that the job information had been downloaded. Pulling the comm
link from his ODN jack and stuffing it in his pocket, he produced his ODN patch
cable again and ran it from his head jack to his wrist computer, calling up a
holographic interface and accessing the hidden partition on his computer’s
storage drive. In seconds he had a visual of the canister he was after as well
as a detailed travel plan for the small convoy it would be on as it moved to its
destination.

If the data provided was correct, and it almost always was, they were right.
There were only two vehicles in the convoy, both lightly armored civilian
vehicles, with only two guards and two drivers. The details of their route
identified the ideal place to intercept and a quick glance at his current
location told him he was mere minutes away from the appropriate station. With
good luck he could be on site ten minutes before the convoy arrived and if the
information was accurate, he had everything he needed to pull the job off with
him.

The grin returned to his face as he paged through the rest of the file.

—————

Watching from the roof of the two story building on the corner, Darren spotted
the small convoy on its approach to the stop. It was the only major intersection
on the travel route for the convoy, which meant the only mandatory stop due to
traffic. While it was a busy street, it was also well after midnight, which
meant the population in the street and on the roads was at its lowest and there
would be very few people to witness either the convoy, or what Darren was about
to do to it.

There were two vehicles, one coupe and one small van, both surface-effect hover
vehicles with matte black paint jobs and windows that matched, allowing no
visibility inside. Not that it mattered, there was no way Darren would even
allow those inside to get out before he was long gone anyway.

The convoy moved closer to the intersection and Darren pulled the two tangler
grenades out of his pockets, holding them with his thumbs hovering over the
activation buttons. Watching with a critical eye for timing, he waited until
they had just stopped at the corner, pressed the buttons, dropped the grenades,
counted to three, then tipped himself over the edge as well, hands already
withdrawing the next item in his bag of tricks as he fell.

[--Next Chapter--](../chapter-3)
