+++
title = "Zyrik"
+++

title:		Zyrik
desc:		
date:		2019/01/25
version:	1.0.0
template:	
nav:		Zyrik
percent:	100
authors:	
Zyrik the Dragon Slayer was forged by the dwarven masters in the
mystical forges of Kalek'Tinal untold ages ago. The weapon was created
with the singular purpose of laying waste to the scourge of dragons that
had befallen Kalijor and crushed the will of its people beneath their
scaly might. The weapon is imbued with the power to do incredible
amounts of damage to beings with draconic blood coursing through their
veins but its most devastating power was not even conceived of by the
greatest craftsmen and mages on Kalijor until the day it was invoked by
its wielder.

The greatest Weaponmaster in Kalijor's history was given charge of
Zyrik. He was a hulking behemoth of a Minotaur who wielded that massive
sword as if it was a simple extension of his arm and at the head of the
elven and dwarven armies he cut a swath through the hordes of dragons
making the land safe again for the people of Kalijor. But he knew that
in order to be truly safe, the land would have to be rid of the dragon
king Tellamon. So the nameless Weaponmaster left his armies behind and
forged ahead into the blinding snow and driving winds of the Southern
wastes where, ant the top of the highest peak in the bleak night he
faced Tellamon in single combat for the fate of Kalijor. On through the
night they battled and it is said that explosions of magic and flashes
of light could be seen as far away as the Burning Expanse and that the
thunderous clash of enchanted steel on ancient scale and bone could be
felt by the youngest of babes laying silently in their cradles as the
world held its breath in anticipation. But it was not to be. Despite the
dwarves best efforts, the mighty Zyrik was not powerful enough to smite
the great king Tellamon. Until in one final, desperate act of
selflessness, the unnamed Weaponmaster offered up his own life, forcing
his heart and soul into one final devastating blow. It is said that the
light from Zyrik's blade shone like a beacon in the failing night sky
and lit up the Gelid mountains like a thousand stars on the clearest
night, and the great beast was undone and his grip on Kalijor was loosed
forever. Of the unnamed Weaponmaster there was nothing remaining save or
the sapphire he wore around his neck. As tribute to his strength and
ultimate sacrifice, the sapphire was imbedded within the pommel of the
great dragon slayer Zyrik and to this day, any who find themselves in
the most desperate of conflicts with the life and freedom of many on the
line can call upon the will of the unnamed hero and offer up their own
life in exchange for the destruction of one who would threaten Kalijor.

This massive sword is nine feet long, gleaming silver, and bears a
simple, but elegant handle, hilt, and pommel. Its only distinguishing
feature, aside from its exquisite craftsmanship and balance, is the
large sapphire mounted in the base of the pommel. There are a series of
dwarven runes running down the blade's fuller, however they are so
subtle as to be almost unnoticeable except under extremely close
scrutiny.

When used against normal foes, the weapon functions as a normal, albeit
exceptional, weapon. However when used against any creature with
draconic blood in its veins, the claymore will glow brightly whenever it
comes into contact with the creature\\'s body. The swords is also able
to block dragon breath attacks, causing them splay out away from the
wielder of the claymore, as if some sort of magical barrier is
deflecting it.

[Category:Weapons_Kalijor](Category:Weapons_Kalijor "wikilink")---
title: Zyrik
permalink: /Zyrik/
---

