---
date: 2012-02-27T18:35:56-07:00
title: Chapter 1
weight: 1
---

A hail of bullets slipped past Riana’s lithe form as she dove behind the
metallic cargo crate, rolling into a crouching position with her bull-pup
machine gun held at the ready and her back to the crate. Glancing at the
translucent casing of the magazine on top of her weapon, the computers in her
brain told her she had twenty one rounds left to expend.

“How’re we doing?” she said calmly into her comm link.

“Everything is moving along swimmingly.” Willhelmina’s voice replied silkily.
“Another five minutes should do it.”

“Five minutes. Right. No problem, take your time,” Riana’s voice dripped sarcasm
as she looked around to see what she could use to keep her attackers occupied
for a while longer. Finally, she planted her heavy boots on the floor, set her
shoulders against the pressurized shipping crate and pushed with her legs.

It took a moment, but eventually the bottom edge of the crate came up off the
floor and she redoubled her efforts, extending her legs and bringing her
cybernetic strength fully to bear. Bullets continued to ricochet off the crate
and the nearby wall until the ten-ton box finally toppled over.

Instantly, the room was filled with the sound of a metal-onmetal crash, followed
by the groaning of the floor and its support structure being bent and distended
by the sudden impact of the immense weight. The room shook and light fixtures
broke away from the ceiling, causing the lighting to change and throw strange,
jagged shadows across the crowded space. Several smaller crates in the area also
toppled over, only adding to the cacophony, but the constant gunfire came to an
abrupt stop as the armor-clad soldiers scattered.

Whipping around with the butt of her weapon pressed snugly into her shoulder,
Riana picked out a couple of the soldiers andsqueezed off a short burst at each,
the bull-pup machine gun pressing into her shoulder with each burst. The brief
hail of armorpiercing slugs tore up her selected targets, driving them violently
to the ground where they twitched for a moment before shuddering to stillness.

Satisfied that she had succeeded in keeping them occupied for a few more
minutes, she stripped a concussion grenade from her combat webbing and tossed it
into the center of the room before dashing out of the blast radius and crouching
behind another crate. Absently, she brushed a lock of royal purple hair out of
her face as she stripped the spent magazine from the top of her rifle, slipping
it into an empty pouch and extracting another.

The loud thump of the explosion washed over the room, knocking out the rest of
the light fixtures in the area and bathing the scene of the battle with deep,
foreboding shadows. The sound of boots scurrying and shuffling around came to
her long, pointed ears as she casually set the fresh magazine on top of her
weapon and slapped it down on top of the receiver, locking it into place.

Looking over her shoulder into the shadows, she shifted her vision into the
ultraviolet spectrum. Tapping her headset, she activated the UV light that was
mounted next to the camera at her temple, causing the room to fall into stark
relief as she scanned around for signs of her opponents.

Catching sight of someone dashing out of the center of the blast radius, she
took aim and cut loose a short burst. Her weapon belched fire as she cut the
soldier down and then rolled back behind the crate as return fire homed in on
her muzzle flash. Spinning toward the other edge of the crate, she peeked around
the container,

leveling her rifle and squeezing off another short burst. Her target fell to the
ground clutching his stomach.

Her long, tapered ears dropped down low as she focused on the sound of footsteps
creeping up behind her, getting a fix on the person’s location. When she heard
the click of a trigger being pulled, she uncoiled her legs from beneath her,
launching herself into the air as a stream of projectiles passed through the
space where she

had just been crouched. Throwing her legs over her head, she wheeled around in
mid-air, grabbing the surprised soldier by the shoulder straps of his combat
webbing. As her feet came back to the ground, she bent over forward, hauling the
man off his feet and launching him bodily out from behind the crate. The
panicked soldier crashed like a discarded rag doll into a pile of smaller
containers twenty feet away, sending the metal boxes scattering in every
direction. He then slumped down to the ground, motionless.

The clamor of the event distracted the rest of them further, allowing Riana to
pick off two more as she rolled behind another crate and quickly checked her
magazine again.

“Are we done yet?” she asked calmly into her comm link as she looked carefully
around the edge of her cover.

“Two more minutes,” Willhelmina’s voice panted back. It sounded like she was in
the middle of running a marathon.

“Having trouble?” Riana smiled as she taunted her sister.

“No,” Willhelmina replied breathily. “No trouble. Just ten or twelve armed
people who don’t seem to want me leaving with this thing.”

Riana’s smile faded a bit as the thought of her best friend, her sister, being
chased down by an armed lynch mob raced through her head. “Where are you? I
can…”

Willhelmina cut her off, knowing full well what she was thinking of doing.
“Stick to the plan Ree. I’m fine. I’ll be ready in two minutes.”

“Fine,” Riana growled into the comm link. “Two minutes.  Mark.” She tapped the
small computer on her wrist and a two minute count-down began on its tiny
holographic display. A few seconds ticked off before the display went dark in
order to keep her position secure. She didn’t need the wrist computer. Her brain
was more than half computer as it was. But something about using the device,
just like everyone else, helped her feel in some way… normal.

“Mark.” Willhelmina echoed through the comm link.

Poking her head out from behind cover again, Riana’s ears twitched and she
yanked herself back behind the crate as a storm of bullets converged on her
position.

“Took them long enough,” she mumbled to herself as she detached a smooth metal
disk from the combat webbing at her hip and attached it to the crate with a dull
‘thunk’ noise. Springing lightly up on top of the ten foot high crate, she
picked off two more of the soldiers, who were taken completely by surprise at
her shift to higher ground. She then dove across twenty feet of open air onto
another stack of crates, slipping quietly behind some smaller boxes.

Removing an identical metal disk from her other hip, she attached it to one of
the small crates, then stripped off another grenade and tossed it back toward
the soldiers as she leapt across another huge gap. Several sprays of gun fire
followed her as she arced through the air, and she felt several projectiles tear
through the shimmering fabric of her long, fitted duster. The flowing garment
did its job, obscuring her form and causing the bullets to miss the reactive
armor covering her body like a second skin.

Skidding to a stop behind cover, she braced her sensitive ears, clenching her
jaw just as the concussion grenade exploded with a loud thump that rattled the
entire room again. This time, she removed a slightly smaller metal disk from the
outside of one of her knees and attached it to one of the crates she was using
for cover, then jumped down to the floor and made her way to the other side of
the room.

The group of soldiers was obviously falling apart. She passed within a foot of a
pair of them and they didn’t so much as twitch at her passing, focusing instead
on the area in the center of the warehouse where all of the action had been thus
far. She could have easily dispatched them both, and all of their comrades as
well, given

enough time, but she hated the thought of killing people unnecessarily.  She
preferred to just do her job and go home.

As she approached the door to the room, she clicked the disk off of the outside
of her other knee and attached it to a nearby crate. Tapping her wrist computer,
she conjured up the holographic display and its steady countdown. One minute and
thirty seconds remained. She sighed heavily as she eyed the door, then focused
her attention back toward the soldiers in the center of the room. Concentrating
on the sounds in the room she could hear four… no, five of them moving around
the area, searching for her and trying not to cut one another down in the
process. Apparently, she had them pretty riled up.

Glancing at her computer display again, it read one minute and four seconds. She
eyed it as it counted down and when it hit fifty nine seconds she turned her
head to the side and shouted into the room, “You have sixty seconds to get out
of here, otherwise you will be leaving in a refuse bin when they clean up the
mess.”

Then, she dashed for the door and slid calmly out into the adjoining hallway.
She let her bull-pup fall back to its resting place between her right arm and
body, allowing it to be concealed by the shimmering fabric of her jacket.

She didn’t look much like the normal employees in the area, but she knew she
stood a better chance of moving unhindered if she didn’t appear to be bristling
with weaponry so she tugged the duster closed and moved off into the corridor.
As she rounded the fourth corner between the storage room and the airlock where
the Kestrel

was docked, she glanced down at her wrist in time to see the counter reach zero.
She braced herself as a massive explosion rocked the entire station, before
dashing, full speed, toward the airlock.

[On to Chapter 2](../chapter-2)
