---
date: 2014-04-15T09:35:36-06:00
title: Prologue
weight: 1
---

# **-Prologue-**

"We’ll only be gone a couple of weeks," Darren’s mom said as she hugged him.

"I know, mom," Darren said, hugging her back in that non-committal way that
teenagers hug their parents in public. "It’s just a quick trip to the Ring
Station. You’ve told me a dozen times."

"We just want to make sure everything’s taken care of," his dad said, clasping a
hand on Darren’s shoulder and giving it a squeeze. It was no longer the delicate
hand of a Digerati, but was becoming rough and grizzled, a reflection of his
last few years working on the docks, loading and unloading ships. Still, there
was a strength there that only a parent of many years could muster.

The pair of them looked ragged around the edges, harried by years of scraping
together every single credit to make ends meet. Years of being turned down for
every single computer job they applied for, despite the fact that they were ten
times as qualified as the next best applicant. Years of being ostracized by
every corporation in the system. But now, they were going to see a big-wig about
a job on the ring station. It could be the opportunity they needed to get back
into the scene and moving out of the slums.

"I’ll be fine," Darren said, rolling his eyes. "It’s not like you’ve never left
for a few days before."

"This is a few weeks, honey," his mom said. "Noel, next door, knows what’s going
on. She knows to expect you if you need anything."

"I know, mom." He ducked out of her embrace and pointed at the waiting shuttle,
its engines spooling up on the landing pad. "You guys are gonna miss your
shuttle if you keep saying goodbye."

"We know, kiddo. We just want to make sure you have what you need," his dad
said, giving him a light punch on the shoulder. "No wild parties while we’re
away."

"Mr. and Mrs. Erricson, we need to get going." A gold colored cybernetic hand
and forearm, with intricate swirls and hand-tooled patterns winding their way
from elbow to fingertips wrapped gently around Darren’s mother’s shoulder. The
three of them turned to look at the sharply dressed young man it was attached to
and he gave them a comforting smile as he aimed his parents toward the open
hatch. "The pilot’s concerned about the engines overheating."

"Thanks Adam," Darren’s mom responded to the young man.

"And thank you for setting this up for us," his dad added, eliciting an
uncomfortable nod and a grunt from the man with the artificial arm.

"Just trying to help some decent folks out," Adam replied.

"Well, we really appreciate it," Darren’s mom smiled, touching Adam’s face
tenderly.

"Okay, honey," Darren’s mom said, turning to him again and smiling at him.
"We’ve got to get going, but we’ll be back before you know it."

"You guys be safe," Darren said.

"We will," his dad said.

Picking up their bags, they waved to Darren again, then headed through the
shuttle’s door. Darren watched as they situated their things in bins near the
hatch, then smiled out the door and disappeared into the front of the ship as
the door closed and sealed them inside.

"C’mon kid, back up a bit. These things can be dangerous when taking off so you
don’t want to stand too close," Adam said, resting his intricately decorated
cybernetic hand on Darren’s shoulder. Together they took a few steps back as the
shuttle’s engines started to whine. They glowed brightly, venting hot thrust
down toward the platform and the ship began to rise up off the platform.

—————

Darren woke up panting and in a cold sweat. Every night since his parents had
died, he’d woken up the same way, although, to this day, he still couldn’t
actually remember what happened. He’d seen the news footage, and the security
and crowd camera rolls as well, but his own memory of what happened was as blank
as a powerless holographic display. His dreams, he assumed, were of that fateful
event, but even though they woke him with a start every day before daylight, he
could never remember them. Just the feelings of anger, sadness, and uncertainty
that accompanied them.

Running his hands through his short brown hair he looked across his tiny
apartment and locked his eyes on those of his reflection in the mirror by the
bathroom door.

"One day at a time," he recited the litany that had dragged him through the
decade since his parents’ deaths. "A couple more good jobs and I can walk away."

[--Next Chapter--](../chapter-1)
