---
date: 2011-08-12T17:28:56-06:00
title: Volume II
weight: 2
---

“Holy hell!” Vin spat as the body of the woman spilled out on the deck of the
cargo hold.

Immediately he knelt down beside her and touched his fingers to her neck,
checking for a pulse. As he touched her, she rolled over onto her back and Vin
reflexively shrank back from her as she came into full view.

“What the frig?!”

As the light streamed down on the form before him he curled up the edge of his
lip in distaste. The body was not that of a young woman after all, at least not
completely. Most of the left side of the figure bore the soft, shapely curves of
a young woman with athletic, toned muscles and the appearance of a strong youth
about her. Half of her face was very attractive, with high cheek bones and
delicate features, including a long ear that tapered to a thin point, long
inches from her head. The left side of her chest looked to bear a firm, shapely
breast, although it was difficult to tell through the dirty coveralls and
smudged T-shirt, and the left hip and thigh were also that of an athletic young
woman.

The person’s right side however, was an entirely different person. The right
side of the figure was that of a skinny, but seemingly well muscled man. His
face was thin and gaunt, and appeared perfectly at home in the dirty, tattered
coveralls and ugly T-shirt. The female half of the figure’s head bore a long,
thick shock of icy blue hair while the male half bore a wispy halo of thin
grey/white hairs. The dividing line between the two very different halves of the
figure looked like an open, festering wound that ran from the upper left thigh,
through the center of the body and directly between the eyes, almost perfectly
bisecting them. Looking closer at the wound he saw a thick, transparent fluid
that seemed to flow around the wound like a river in constant motion, although
it never splashed out of the wound or even dripped away on the underside of the
body.

“What the hell have you gotten me into here Lou?!” He cursed under his breath as
he stepped back from the figure and looked at his portable scanner again.
Quickly he st the device to check for airborne pathogens and chemicals. The
device ran through a testing cycle and then chirped the all clear, which allowed
him to breathe a sigh of relief. Again he bent down toward the figure on the
deck and pointed the scanner at them, keying a few more controls and starting
another scan. Finally the device chirped again and he inspected the display.

“Nanites…” His voice trailed off as he lowered the device to his side and
inspected the long, vertical wound on the figure’s body. “What they hell are
they doing?”

After poking at his scanner for a few more minutes he finally decided on a
course of action. Pulling some bedding from his cabin he set up a palette on the
floor and gently rolled the figure over onto it, grunting at the unexpected
weight of the person and paying careful attention to not touching the open wound
with its river of nanites.

Finally he slipped back out of the cargo hold, locking the door securely behind
him and made his way back to the cockpit where he quickly keyed up Lou’s comm..
The lights in the cockpit dimmed slightly as a holographic image of Lou’s head
appeared in mid-air over the main console. It was a fat, round, slightly balding
head with a well-manicured beard and moustache and sharp, intelligent, hazel
eyes.

“Vin my boy! What can I do for you?” Lou’s steady tenor voice filled the room.

“You can tell me what the hell you have me hauling here Lou. You know I’ll do
just about anything for you but hauling bodies is more than a little over the
line.”

Lou’s face wrinkled up as Vin spoke to him, clearly his words struck strangely.
“Wait a sec there Vin, who’s hauling bodies? That crate is supposed to have a
dozen cases of Jovian brandy in it.”

“Brandy?! Lou you sent me half way across the system to deal with Axel of all
people for a crate of brandy?!” Vin slumped back in his chair and ran his
fingers through his blond hair with a heavy sigh.

“You’re damn right I did! That’s the best brandy in the system and the damn feds
have Jupiter tied up in more red tape than I can get through on my best day. I’m
having a little sware here next weekend and I need that brandy to set the mood
if you know what I mean.”

“I don’t believe this crap. You told me this was a milk run Lou. You told me
there wouldn’t be any more like Mercury, ever again.” Vin was talking into his
hands now, holding them over his face in exasperation.

“Calm down Vin, what’s going on?” Lou’s voice managed to sound almost interested
in the answer.

“What’s going on?” Vin slapped his hands down on the armrests of his chair and
pushed himself upright in the contoured fixture. “What’s going on is that there
is an unconscious, nanite-infected, mutant in my cargo hold Lou! And it came in
your crate instead of your damn Jovian brandy!”

“A nanite-infected mutant? Vin you’re talking crazy man. What the frig is going
on up there?”

“What’s…?” Vincent stopped himself half-way through the statement and decided
instead to punch a couple of buttons on his holographic control panel, sending
an image from the cargo hold cameras across the net to Lou’s terminal. “There.
THAT’S what’s going on. You explain it to me!"

Lou’s face contorted a bit as he inspected the video stream from the camera.
“What the frig is THAT?” he finally managed.

“I don’t know Lou. That’s why I’m calling. THAT, came out of your crate.”

Lou quirked an eyebrow as he inspected the image with a deeper scrutiny. Finally
his look turned angry and his voice rose several octaves. “Hey! Where’s the rest
of my brandy?! There’s only four cases in there!”

Vin slapped himself in the face suddenly, dragging his hand down his reddened
cheek in dismay. “Lou. There is a strange, mutant, PERSON on my SHIP. This
strange, mutant, PERSON, came out of a crate that I picked up for YOU. To hell
with your friggin BRANDY!! What am I supposed to do with this… person?”

Lou’s expression softened a bit as he looked over his own console for something
or other. “Look Vin, I’m sorry about that, it’s just that I was counting on…
well never mind that anyway. I don’t know what’s going on. There wasn’t supposed
to be anything in that crate except the brandy. If I didn’t know any better I
would think maybe Axel is trying to get back at you for that last run-in you two
had.”

“That’s all well and good Lou, but Axel didn’t know I was coming until I was
there. Unless you told him.”

Lou’s face turned guilty for the briefest of instants, then apologetic. “Well, I
may have… I mean…”

“Oh Lou, tell me you didn’t tell him before hand…” Vin swore silently to himself
as his friend’s face turned even more guilty. “Dammit Lou, how could you do
that? No names Lou. It’s the first friggin rule, NO NAMES!!”

Lou started stammering, clearly he was sorry for the slip up. “I’m sorry Vin… I
just… No one else would take the job. He’s fragged relations with every other
runner in the system and he knows it. When we arranged the pick-up he mentioned
you by name and I just agreed with him. I swear I didn’t do it on purpose.”

Vin grimaced at the disembodied head before pressing his lips into a thin line
and looking at the camera feed from the cargo hold. The person was still laying
quietly on the palette of blankets he had set up.

“Forget it Lou. Damage done. But now you are in this with me. I need you to run
this persons… eh… faces through the system. Find out whatever you can and get
back to me. I am going to divert to the dregs and see if I can find a hidey hole
to set down in for a while until we can figure out what Axel dumped on me.”

Lou’s face changed again, this time he was all professional. He nodded agreement
and tapped a few controls on his console. “Doing it now, as messed up as it is
though, it is going to take a while. Do you have anything else I can work with?
How about an RFID?”

Vincent shook his head. “None. At least not that my scanners can pick up at any
rate. Could be a runner, or maybe a merc? But what the hell is happening to
them?”

“Wish I could be more help there. You said something about nanites?”

“Yeah. Here.” Vincent tapped a few controls and sent the information from his
portable scanner across the comm. link. “I’m not sure what exactly is going on
here but that ugly open wound seems to be filed with nanites, and they are very
busy doing something, although I am not at all sure what.”

“Ok, I’ll look into it. Contact me again when you touch down in the dregs,
hopefully I’ll have something by then.”

Vincent sighed again as he punched a new course into the Neophyte’s auto-pilot
and pushed the throttle up a bit. The sooner he got under cover the better off
he would be. “I will, I am putting the heat on so I should be in the dregs in…
“ he glanced at his HUD briefly, “twenty-two hours and change.”

“Alright, I’ll talk to you again then, stay safe Vin.” Lou’s head turned away as
if he were walking out of a room, then suddenly whirled around again, “And Vin?”

Vincent looked up from his controls back to the disembodied head once more.
“Yeah?”

Lou frowned slightly before he spoke. “For what’ it’s worth. I’m sorry about
this. I didn’t mean to et you in any trouble.” He sounded genuinely concerned
for Vin’s well being.

Vincent grinned mischievously at the image. “I know. That’s why we can still be
friends. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”

Lou’s face went back to its business-like appearance then and he nodded. “Stay
safe friend, and good journey.”

Vincent waved his hand through the image of his friend’s head and it instantly
winked out of existence, returning the cockpit lights to their normal level. He
tapped away at his holographic controls for a few moments before leaning back
into his chair and stretching himself out languidly and looking out the
view-port into the open space surrounding the Neophyte’s Serendipity.

He almost began to relax before his eyes caught sight of the video feed from the
cargo hold and he noticed that the palette was now devoid of the strange figure
from the crate.
