---
date: 2014-04-15T09:37:15-06:00
title: Chapter 1
weight: 2
---

# -1-

Darren sighed as he made the ODN connection to the computer and started the file
transfer. The job was easy enough really. Break in, grab the files off the
computer, delete the source, and drop the virus to wipe out the rest of the
system. Root the whole thing and overwrite the master boot records on the
storage drives. It was standard smash-and-grab fare with minimal danger and no
resistance.

The target, a high level officer within the same company Darren worked for as a
Pincher, had grabbed data to hold over someone else as blackmail material or
carve out their own little empire within the company. Like so many before,
they’d been found out and Darren had been sent in to retrieve what they had
stolen. He knew it was customary to send out a Hitter next, if it hadn’t been
done already, to take care of the actual person, but Darren had long ago decided
not to think about that part of the business world.

He was an industrial thief. A good one. Anything else his employer did was
entirely their business and not for him to lose any sleep over. People died and
went missing all the time, many of them due to corporate entanglements within
their own organizations. Which is why he liked being a thief. He had to rely
only on himself to get things done and he never put his life in the hands of
another person. He made it a personal goal to never get involved in politics or
corporate ladder climbing.

A subtle tone from the computer embedded in his skull alerted him that the file
copy was complete and he focused his attention back on the computer in front of
him. Waving his hand in the air, he pulled up a holographic interface and
navigated the storage drive inside his skull, locating a particularly nasty
fire-and-forget virus he’d purchased from a hacker down near the core of the
Venus Station a while back. Dropping the virus into the target’s computer, he
popped the ODN cable out of the head jack behind his right ear, executing the
program and smirking as the computer’s display matrix shuddered and sprayed a
wash of color all over the office in a dazzling display of light before going
dark.

"And that, is all I have to say about that," he whispered, pushing himself up
out of the chair as he coiled up the cable and tucked it into a pocket.

Making his way to the office door, he shut off the lights and keyed the sliding
panel open to slip out into the enveloping blackness of his target’s domicile.
In short order, he was out the front door, stopping only to verify the pulse of
the guard he’d waylaid on his way in was still strong.

He made it nearly a hundred yards from the home before the alarms started going
off and the sounds of pursuit became evident. Taking a moment to glance around a
corner, he saw three burly men heading his direction, weapons drawn and what
looked like thermal head gear or cybernetic eyes in use to track his body heat.

"Figures," he mumbled as he slid his bastón from their sheath across his back
and moved the metal alloy sticks into his hands.

Taking cover behind a wall, he waited until the sound of their approach was on
top of him before throwing himself into a cartwheel. As his feet arced through
the air, the trio came into view, upside down from his perspective, mild
surprise showing on their faces. His move was the unexpected part of the
equation and that was exactly what he was counting on to make good his escape
with a minimum of hassle and no loss of life.

His shin slammed into the leading thug’s forearm, dislodging his firearm and
sending it skittering across the ground at their feet. They started to react as
his feet found purchase on the ground once more and he brought his fighting
sticks to bear on the second thug’s weapon, sending it into a high, spiraling
arc that had it landing a dozen feet away with a clatter of metal on metal.

Turning himself around with his back to the third man, he hooked his bastón
around the necks of the disarmed men, pinching them between his fighting sticks
and his forearms, then threw himself into a foreword roll, dragging them both
forward with him. The sudden change in height as he tucked into his roll meant
the shot fired by the third thug missed him, passing through the air where his
head had been a fraction of a second earlier.

From the ground, he clubbed the two prone figures before kicking up into a
one-handed hand-spring as a second frangible bullet shattered on the metal deck
where he had just been. Momentum allowed him to swing one foot forward to kick
the third guy in the face and carried his weight all the way through until he
found his feet once more, this time facing the final assailant.

To his credit, the man recovered quickly from the kick to his face. Aiming his
weapon at Darren once more, he fired another shot that Darren avoided by
twisting and ducking inside the shooter’s line of fire. Still, the bullet passed
through the jacket between Darren’s body and inner arm, tearing a hole in the
garment.

"Dammit! I just bought that!" Darren grumbled as he pushed off the ground,
hunching his back and driving it into the man’s chest with his
genetically-enhanced legs. The effort picked them both up off the ground. As
they arced through the air, Darren tucked his legs up over his head, rolling
over backwards so that when they landed, his feet were on either side of the
man’s head, looking down into the guy’s eyes as they darted about, searching for
options.

"Now I have to go shopping, and I hate going anywhere near the shipyards and the
central shaft." To punctuate his statement and demonstrate his displeasure, he
brought down his right hand, fist still clenched around the alloy bastón, and
punched the man in the head, knocking him unconscious.

"I hate shopping," he grunted, sliding his bastón home in their sheath as he
hustled away from the scene and disappearing into the crowd of the nearest
transit station.

[--Next Chapter--](../chapter-2)
